ID;Type;Name;Published;Is featured?;Visibility in catalog;Short description;Tax status;In stock?;Backorders allowed?;Sold individually?;Allow customer reviews?;Regular price;Categories;Tags;Images;Position
15;simple;Naked Sundays;1;1;visible;"This Naked Sundays chemical sunscreen formula is the perfect 4-in-1 to reach for daily; acting as a primer, moisturiser, SPF and collagen-booster, skin is left protected, hydrated and ready for makeup. The primer sunscreen guards against free radical damage while promoting a smooth, glowy complexion thanks to the inclusion of vegan collagen and watermelon extract, which give a boost of antioxidant-rich hydration and moisture.Key ingredients:Plant-based collagen: increases moisture and hydration while delivering amino acids glycine, proline and lysine to promote collagen synthesis and tissue repair.Watermelon extract: contains skin-strengthening vitamin C, vitamin E and amino acids that help fight free radicals, brighten, add moisture and hydration while calming the skin.Made without: Parabens, mineral oils, oxybenzone, animal products and testing Pair it with: Naked Sundays SPF BFF Brush Naked Sundays SPF50+ Glow Body Mist Naked Sundays SPF50+ Hydrating Glow Mist";taxable;1;0;0;1;$34.95;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Naked-Sundays-SPF50-Collagen-Glow-Creme.jpg;0
29;simple;Go-To;1;1;visible;"Add a daily dose of radiance to your complexion with this brightening face serum. Enriched with a stable form of vitamin C, niacinamide and hyaluronic acid that give your skin a boost of hydration and antioxidants. With use skin will appear more smoother, bouncier and bright. Key ingredients:Sodium Ascorbyl Phosphate: A derivative of vitamin c, this supercharged antioxidant helps protect the skin against photo damage of the skin including premature ageing; keeping it looking fresh and healthy.Niacinamide: Also known as Vitamin B3, niacinamide is a skin brightening agent as well as a very effective skin-restoring ingredient that helps keep your skin hydrated and firm.Kakadu Plum Extract: Derived from the native Australian Kakadu Plum tree, this extract is one of the richest sources of Vitamin C in the world! This makes it a powerful antioxidant protecting the skin against premature aging.Made without:Silicones, parabens, PEGs, sulfates (SLS/SLES), GMOs, mineral oils, petrolatum, synthetic colours, synthetic fragrances or animal testing. Pair it with:Go-To Properly CleanGo-To Face HeroGo-To Zincredible SPF 15";taxable;1;0;0;1;$59.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Go-To-GoTo-Much-Brighter-Skin.jpg;0
33;simple;Drunk Elephant;1;1;visible;Everything the skin needs for a fresh, healthy, moisturized, fighting-free-radicals kind of start. Start the day with a smoothie of C-Firma, B-Hydra, and Lala Retro, and follow by patting C-Tango around the eye area.Includes:C-Firma™ Fresh Day Serum 28 ml Lala Retro™ Whipped Cream 30 mlB-Hydra™ Intensive Hydration Serum 8 ml C-Tango™ Multivitamin Eye Cream 5 mlMade without:Silicones, essential oils, fragrance and animal products.Pair it with:Drunk Elephant Beste™ No. 9 Jelly CleanserDrunk Elephant D-Bronzi™ Anti-Pollution Sunshine DropsDrunk Elephant Sugared Koffie Almond Milk Scrub;taxable;1;0;0;1;$125.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Drunk-Elephant-Face-Value-Skin-Kit-The-A.M.-Routine.jpg;0
29;simple;Charlotte Tilbury;1;1;visible;Makeup maven Charlotte Tilbury’s innovative, award-winning, and best-selling moisturiser was originally created backstage to help prep and transform the look of models’ skin before fashion shows and it became so iconic, she had to ‘bottle it’. Loved by celebrities and supermodels, the revolutionary, results-driven formula is infused with a matrix of oils, Charlotte’s ‘magic 8’ of supercharged skincare ingredients to flood your complexion with moisture and transform the appearance of tired, dull skin for a glowing, dewy canvas.*50ml and 150ml sizes are refillable. Key ingredients:Bionymph peptide: a miracle peptide blend that helps to condition for smoother, plumper looking skinVitamins C & E: work in tandem to brighten the look of your complexion and even the appearance of the skin tone, helping to transform the look of tired, dull looking skinRosehip oil: a source of natural linoleic acid that helps revitalise and balance the look of skinHyaluronic acid: a research-powered humectant that helps keep skin hydrated for up to 24 hoursFrangipani flower extract: a floral extract with moisturising benefits, that also provides a delicate, calming fragranceCamellia oil: hydrates and nourishes the skin for a dewy-looking complexionAloe vera: calming, smoothing, moisturising properties Shea butter: nourishes and softens the skin for a gorgeous, supple effect.Consumer testing results:100% agree wrinkles appear reduced*100% felt their skin was instantly moisturised*100% agree dull skin was instantly transformed*98% agree skin looked and felt firmer**103 women tested over 4 weeks  Pair it with:Charlotte Tilbury Airbrush Flawless FoundationCharlotte Tilbury Hollywood Flawless FilterTatcha The Essence;taxable;1;0;0;1;$125.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Charlotte-Tilbury-Charlotte's-Magic-Cream-50ml.jpg;0
21;simple;Glow Recipe;1;1;visible;Powered by niacinamide, Dew Drops reduces the look of hyperpigmentation & delivers a glow instantly & over time without mica, glitter, or gray cast. Use it as a brightening serum, primer or highlighter. Pair with hyaluronic acid & watermelon-infused Pink Juice Moisturizer to lock in hydration & boost radiance.Key ingredients: Niacinamide: an antioxidant-rich form of Vitamin B3 that brightens & reduces the look of hyperpigmentation & pores. Watermelon: hydrates, delivers essential vitamins and amino acids, and visibly brightens skin. Hyaluronic Acid: Hydrates skin by holding up to 1,000 times its weight in moisture.Made without:Parabens, formaldehydes, formaldehyde-releasing agents, phthalates, mineral oil, retinyl palmitate, oxybenzone, coal tar, hydroquinone, sulfates SLS & SLES, synthetic fragrance (less than 1%), triclosan.Pair it with:Glow Recipe Papaya Sorbet Enzyme Cleansing BalmGlow Recipe Watermelon Glow Ultra Fine Mist;taxable;1;0;0;1;$34.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Glow-Recipe-Glossy-Skin-Spell.jpg;0
27;simple;Mecca Cosmetica;1;1;visible;"A truly powerful trio of skincare essentials - each one helping keep your complexion balanced, hydrated and visibly brighter. From a radiance-boosting Vitamin C Serum to a deeply hydrating Hyaluronic Acid Serum – plus a Face Oil that keeps your complexion balanced and nourished thanks to 15 healing botanical oils. Layer all three, starting first with the Skin Brightening Vitamin C Serum, then our Hyaluronic Acid Hydration Serum, before sealing in hydration with our Everyday Face Oil; skin will feel instantly revitalised and glow from within.Key ingredients:Everyday Face Oil:Prickly pear seed oil: high in essential fatty acids, omega-6 and 9 and amino acids, this hydrating, anti-inflammatory and barrier-boosting wonder oil has one of the highest levels of vitamin E of any botanical source--it’s 150 times more superior than argan oil. It’s also rich in vitamin K and zinc to assist with fading pigmentation.Grape seed oil: largely known for its anti-microbial and anti-inflammatory properties, this luscious (yet hardworking) oil also contains powerful antioxidants, minerals, vitamins, and fatty acids to purify the skin while helping fade dark spots. Skin Brightening Vitamin C Serum:15% l-ascorbic acid: the highest possible concentration of stabilised vitamin C. It’s a potent antioxidant and skin-soothing wonder that can protect against free radical damage, even out skin tone and promote collagen production.Ferulic acid: most effective when used in synergy with Vitamin C, it targets fine lines and wrinkles, dark spots and other signs of premature aging.Vitamin E: a naturally occurring ingredient of healthy skin. It seals in moisture, nourishes and smoothest the skin.Hydrating Hyaluronic Acid Serum:Hyaluronic acid: The secret to plump, hydrated and super soft skin lies within hyaluronic acid. Naturally occurring in the body, we lose 1% of hyaluronic acid each year, so topical application is essential to moisturise, reduce inflammation, prevent water loss and boost skin’s elasticity and plumpness, in order to relieve the look of fine lines.Made without:Silicones, parabens, PEGs, sulfates (SLS/SLES), GMOs, mineral oils, petrolatum, synthetic colours. Vegan and cruelty free, naturally scented without synthetic fragrance and 100% naturally-derived ingredients.Pair it with:Mecca Cosmetica Hydrating MoisturiserMecca Cosmetica To Save Face SPF50+ Superscreen Oxybenzone Free FormulaMecca Cosmetica Nourishing Cleansing Oil ";taxable;1;0;0;1;$120.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Mecca-Cosmetica-The-Radiance-Ritual.jpg;0
20;simple;Naked Sundays;1;1;visible;"Consider this sunscreen kit from Naked Sundays your go-to for daily SPF protection. Housed in a waterproof ‘Ready, Set, Glow!’ pouch, the kit contains three vegan sunscreen essentials: the brand’s iconic SPF50+ Hydrating Glow Mist, the antioxidant-rich SPF50+ Collagen Glow Crème and the synthetic fibre SPF BFF Brush for flawless, fast and finger-free application.Key ingredients:SPF50+ Hydrating Glow Mist:Hyaluronic acid: provides moisture and intense hydration.Kakadu Plum: rich in Vitamin E, Vitamin C, folic acid and carotenoids. Kakadu Plum is known to help reduce the signs of aging, clear bacteria, fight against free radicals and even clear skin irritations.Watermelon extract: contains skin-strengthening vitamin C, vitamin E and amino acids that help fight free radicals, brighten, add moisture and hydration while calming the skin.SPF50+ Collagen Glow Crème:Plant-based collagen: increases moisture and hydration while delivering amino acids glycine, proline and lysine to promote collagen synthesis and tissue repair.Watermelon extract: contains skin-strengthening vitamin C, vitamin E and amino acids that help fight free radicals, brighten, add moisture and hydration while calming the skin.Made without:Parabens, mineral oils, oxybenzone, animal products and testingPair it with:Naked Sundays Glow Body Mist SPF50+";taxable;1;0;0;1;$89.95;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Naked-Sundays-SPF-Glow-Bundle.jpg;0
31;simple;Dr. Dennis Gross;1;1;visible;Massage 8-10 drops into clean, dry skin. For optimal results, apply after your Dr. Dennis Gross Skincare® peel.  ;taxable;1;0;0;1;$103.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Dr.-Dennis-Gross-Advanced-Retinol-Ferulic-Texture-Renewal-Serum.jpg;0
9;simple;Naked Sundays;1;1;visible;" This 100% mineral sunscreen formula is the perfect 4-in-1 to reach for daily. Acting as a primer, moisturiser, SPF and collagen-booster, this Naked Sundays sunscreen is safe for sensitive skin and leaves no white cast in its wake. Skin is protected, hydrated and even-toned thanks to the 100% zinc oxide-based mineral filter SPF 50+ and cocktail of plant-based collagen and watermelon extract. Acting as a physical sunscreen, the formula bathes skin in a subtle glow and satin-smooth, translucent finish that protects while it nourishes. Thanks to a unique blend of iron oxides to eradicate white cast, the formula looks tinted, however once rubbed into skin it becomes transparent giving an airbrushed finish with a subtle glow.Key ingredients: Plant-based collagen: increases moisture and hydration while delivering amino acids glycine, proline and lysine to promote collagen synthesis and tissue repair. Watermelon extract: contains skin-strengthening vitamin C, vitamin E and amino acids that help fight free radicals, brighten, add moisture and hydration while calming the skin. Zinc oxide: 100% mineral SPF filter perfect for sensitive skin.Made without: Parabens, mineral oils, oxybenzone, synthetic fragrance, nanoparticles, animal products and testing Pair it with: Naked Sundays SPF BFF Brush Naked Sundays SPF50+ Glow Body Mist";taxable;1;0;0;1;$39.95;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Naked-Sundays-SPF50-100%-Mineral-Perfecting-Priming-Lotion.jpg;0
28;simple;Charlotte Tilbury;1;1;visible;Massage a few drops into clean skin morning and evening before your magic moisturiser as part of your science-powered magic skin routine!;taxable;1;0;0;1;$110.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Charlotte-Tilbury-Magic-Aura-Serum-30ml.jpg;0
19;simple;Naked Sundays;1;1;visible;" For an airbrushed finish, reach for the Naked Sundays SPF Mineral Glow Kit, featuring two mineral sunscreen essentials and the beach-proof 'Ready, Set, Glow' pouch. The set includes the SPF50+ 100% Mineral Collagen Glow Perfecting Priming Lotion, a zinc-based physical sunscreen safe for sensitive skin that primes, moisturises and protects, and the SPF BFF brush for a smooth, flawless finish. Thanks to a unique blend of iron oxides to eradicate white cast, the SPF 50+ Mineral Collagen Glow Perfecting Priming Lotion formula looks tinted, however once rubbed into skin it becomes transparent giving an airbrushed finish with a subtle glow. This vegan duo will quickly become your go-to for daily mineral sunscreen protection. Key ingredients: Plant-based collagen: increases moisture and hydration while delivering amino acids glycine, proline and lysine to promote collagen synthesis and tissue repair. Watermelon extract: contains skin-strengthening vitamin C, vitamin E and amino acids that help fight free radicals, brighten, add moisture and hydration while calming the skin. Zinc oxide: 100% mineral SPF filter perfect for sensitive skin. Made without: Parabens, mineral oils, oxybenzone, synthetic fragrance, nanoparticles, animal products and testing.Pair it with:Naked Sundays SPF50+ Hydrating Glow MistNaked Sundays Glow Body Mist SPF50+";taxable;1;0;0;1;$57.95;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Naked-Sundays-SPF-Mineral-Glow-Kit.jpg;0
3;simple;REN Clean Skincare;1;1;visible;A luxurious moisturiser that naturally reduces the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles while being gentle to your skin, for visibly firmer and smoother younger looking skin. Results: The skin feels rehydrated, supple and smoothed.  Healthy looking and radiant skin with a lift effect Made without:Alcohol, fragrance, parabens, silicone, sulphatesPair it with:Evercalm Gentle Cleansing MilkEvercalm Anti-Redness Serum;taxable;1;0;0;1;$102.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/REN-Clean-Skincare-Bio-Retinoid™-Youth-Cream.jpg;0
1;simple;Omorovicza;1;1;visible;Shake well before use. After applying a night cream, close eyes and spray over face.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$109.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Omorovicza-Queen-of-Hungary-Evening-Mist.jpg;0
16;simple;Naked Sundays;1;1;visible;" Ensure every inch of you is hydrated and protected with the Naked Sundays multitasking spray sunscreen for the body. The invisible SPF50+ Body Mist features a non-aerosol pump and broad spectrum UVA+UVB SPF protection, leaving limbs hydrated, glowy and bathed in skin-loving antioxidants. The chemical sunscreen formula is transparent, non-sticky, non-greasy, and is infused with vitamin C-rich Kakadu plum and watermelon extract for a boost of moisture and free radical protection.Key ingredients:Kakadu Plum: rich in Vitamin E, Vitamin C, folic acid and carotenoids. Kakadu Plum is known to help reduce the signs of aging, clear bacteria, fight against free radicals and even clear skin irritations.Watermelon extract: contains skin-strengthening vitamin C, vitamin E and amino acids that help fight free radicals, brighten, add moisture and hydration while calming the skin.Made without: Parabens, mineral oils, oxybenzone, animal products and testing Pair it with: Naked Sundays SPF BFF Brush Naked Sundays SPF50+ Collagen Glow Creme Naked Sundays SPF50+ Hydrating Glow Mist";taxable;1;0;0;1;$44.95;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Naked-Sundays-SPF50-Glow-Body-Mist.jpg;0
8;simple;Shiseido;1;1;visible;Ideal for all skin types, this lightweight fluid combines powerful Japanese botanicals with breakthrough technology to shield skin against the visible signs of ageing, environmental aggressors, and stress. Antioxidant reishi mushroom and moisturising iris root extract create stronger skin, while a cocktail of gingko, shiso, thyme and lotus germ firms and smooths. Use it to supercharge any serum or moisturiser that follows and to prime skin for makeup.Key ingredients:ImuGeneration technology: botanical extracts of reishi mushroom and iris root boost skin’s ability to defend itself.Ultimune Complex™: protects and strengthens skin against daily damage and signs of ageing, and maintains healthy-looking skin.Reishi mushrooms: rich antioxidants containing polysaccharides (sugars) that are known to hydrate and visibly reduce ageing. Made without:Parabens and mineral oil.Pair it with:Shiseido Ultimune Eye Power Infusing Eye ConcentrateShiseido Treatment Softener Enriched (For dry skin)Ren Clean Skincare Glycol Lactic Radiance Renewal MaskLearn more:Read The MemoDirect from the brand: Thanks to ImuGeneration Technology, Ultimune helps optimizing and normalizing skin’s barrier function, preventing skin roughness, and protecting skin from harsh environment and harmful microparticles such as pollutants, PM2.5, pollen, and yellow dust to skin.- Kayoko Nakajima, Brand Expert ;taxable;1;0;0;1;$200.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/UNKNOWN-UTM-P-I-CONCENTRATE-N-75.jpg;0
24;simple;Clinique;1;1;visible;"An oil-free, gel-cream that serves up 100 hours of hydration whilst penetrating deep within the skin's surface layers (up to 10 layers deep). It's lightweight and formulated with a blend of aloe ferment and hyaluronic acid to plump and hydrate. The best part? skin is still left hydrated even after washing your face. Key ingredients:Aloe bio-ferment: helps infuse skin with moisture. Hyaluronic acid: has the unique ability to hold 1,000 times its weight in water, helping to create a “moisture reservoir” for ideal hydration.Activated aloe water: holds both positive and negative ionic charges which helps skin absorb moisture more easily.Auto-replenishing technology: using activated aloe water and caffeine, it helps trigger skin’s own rehydration system.Made without:Parabens, phthalates and fragrance.Consumer testing results:High-Performance ResultsAfter one useBoosts moisture by +174%.**Provides 100 hours of hydration.Provides a smooth canvas for makeup application.Same lightweight, addictive, oil-free gel-cream texture.After one week99% of women said skin felt deeply hydrated.***95% of women said skin looked plump.***91% of women said skin looked glowing.***98% of women said skin felt more resilient.***95% of women said skin felt healthier.****Into skin’s surface; in vitro testing after 30 minutes.**Clinical testing on 19 women.***Consumer testing on 110 women.Pair it with:Clinique Moisture Surge Overnight MaskClinique Even Better Clinical™ Serum Foundation SPF 20MECCA MAX SPOT DOTS Blemish Busting Patches";taxable;1;0;0;1;$68.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Clinique-Moisture-Surge-100-Hour-Gel-Cream-50mL.jpg;0
18;simple;Charlotte Tilbury;1;1;visible;Massage a few drops into clean skin morning and evening before your magic moisturiser as part of your science-powered magic skin routine!;taxable;1;0;0;1;$110.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Charlotte-Tilbury-Magic-Aura-Serum-30ml.jpg;0
19;simple;Charlotte Tilbury;1;1;visible;Inspired by the award-winning Charlotte’s Magic Cream, Magic Cream Light is a new formula designed for those who prefer a lightweight daily moisturiser in summer or live in warmer climates. Infused with potent ingredients including Replexium®, vitamin E and CitystemI™? to deliver up to 24-hour hydration, protection from blue light and pollution. Skin appears mattified and smooth, delivering the same glowy, plumped-up visage the original Magic Cream serves up. Suitable for all skin types, the formula is perfect for application pre-makeup to create a hydrated canvas.Vegan friendly. Made without:Parabens, alcohol, oil, gluten, sulfates, fragrance.Pair it with:Charlotte Tilbury Airbrush Flawless FoundationCharlotte Tilbury Hollywood Beauty Light WandMecca Cosmetica To Save Face SPF50+ Superscreen Oxybenzone Free Formula;taxable;1;0;0;1;$125.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Charlotte-Tilbury-Charlotte's-Magic-Cream-Light-50ml.jpg;0
36;simple;Charlotte Tilbury;1;1;visible;Apply Magic Eye Rescue by using your ring finger to tap it under your eye area.Gently tap across your brow bone until the magical formula sinks into the skin! ;taxable;1;0;0;1;$83.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Charlotte-Tilbury-Magic-Eye-Rescue.jpg;0
5;simple;Mecca Cosmetica;1;1;visible;"Let skin-quenching hydration sink in with our soothing, plumping and barrier-protecting Hyaluronic Acid Hydrating Serum. Alongside skincare superheros niacinamide and aloe, an optimal blend of 1.06% hyaluronic acid and hyaluronate—the ingredient’s most effective concentration—means your skin can reap the benefits of deeply hydrated skin, without the risk of irritation. Key ingredients:Sodium Hyaluronate: The salt for of Hyaluronic Acid, this powerhouse ingredient works on skin’s surface to attract and bind significant amounts of water to help hydrate the skin. It can eliminate active oxygen free radicals produced by ultraviolet radiation in the epidermis, and protect skin from being damaged. Sodium Hyaluronate can promote regeneration of injured skin by accelerating proliferation and differentiation of the epidermal cells.Hydrolyzed Hyaluronic Acid: The secret to plump, hydrated and super soft skin lies within hyaluronic acid. Naturally occurring in the body, we lose 1% of hyaluronic acid each year, so topical application is essential to moisturise, reduce inflammation, prevent water loss and boost skin’s elasticity and plumpness, in order to relieve the look of fine lines.Hydrolyzed Hyaluronate: Since it's able to penetrate the skin, it can travel further and hydrate the layers below the surface. Hydrolyzed Sodium Hyaluronate can reduce wrinkles and improve skin elasticity. In the epidermis, it is able to stimulate the production of HA the normal high molecular weight that is naturally found in the skin. This increase in HA can help protect against free radicals that damage important proteins; elastin and collagen while improving the softness of the skin.Niacinamide: A powerful ingredient from the vitamin B family, lauded for its ability to interact with and guide cells. Niacinamide addresses a number of skin concerns including the appearance of acne, hyper pigmentation, reduced skin elasticity and redness.Aloe Barbadensis:  One of the greatest multi-taskers in skincare. Aloe Barbadensis can help improve the skin's natural firmness and keep the skin hydrated, without feeling greasy (great for oily skin types). Aloe has been used for thousands of years to help to calm troubled, burned or otherwise irritated skin.Made without:Silicones, parabens, PEGs, sulfates (SLS/SLES), GMOs, mineral oils, petrolatum, synthetic colours, BHA and BHT, phthalates, fragrance, gluten, alcohol, talc. Vegan. Made in Australia.Pair it with:Mecca Cosmetica Vitamin C Serum Mecca Cosmetica Hydrating MoisturiserMecca Cosmetica Everyday Face Oil ";taxable;1;0;0;1;$50.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Mecca-Cosmetica-Hyaluronic-Acid-Hydrating-Serum.jpg;0
8;simple;Drunk Elephant;1;1;visible;Drunk Elephant’s C-Firma™ Fresh Day Serum is designed to be mixed by you before its first use, to ensure maximum potency of its delicate (but powerful) ingredients. Packed with a powerful antioxidant complex of 15% l-ascorbic acid, 0.5% ferulic acid, and 1% vitamin E that delivers a brighter, firmer, and more even-looking complexion. Potently formulated with pumpkin ferment extract and sodium hyaluronate crosspolymer, C-Firma™ helps to enzymatically dissolve surface dead skin cells as it hydrates and soothes. The result is a noticeably diminished appearance of signs of ageing and photodamage—replaced by incredible radiance and luminosity. Key ingredients:15% l-ascorbic acid, 0.5% ferulic acid and 1% vitamin E: firms and brightens the look and feel of skin while minimising the signs of photoaging as well as damage caused by pollution and other environmental stressors.  Pumpkin ferment and pomegranate extract: provide gentle enzymatic exfoliation, which boosts the penetration of C-Firma’s antioxidant complex.  Chronocyclin: a chronopeptide that mimics the antioxidant benefits of vitamin D for more youthful-looking skin. Vitis Vinifera extract: derived from grapes and rich in antioxidant compounds, like vitamin E and polyphenols (think resveratrol), it is used for its powerful free-radical-scavenging properties and skin-soothing benefits.  Indian gooseberry: an antioxidant-rich super-fruit that helps slow signs of oxidative stress while promoting firmness.  Sodium hyaluronate crosspolymer: with a smaller molecular weight than hyaluronic acid, this ingredient is able to deeply penetrate skin, delivering excellent hydration and reducing the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles while promoting firmness.  Made without:Essential oils, parabens, silicones, colourants, fragrance, sulphates, phthalates, animal products and testing. Pair it with:Drunk Elephant Beste™ No. 9 Jelly CleanserDrunk Elephant A-Passioni™ Retinol CreamDrunk Elephant C-Tango™ Multivitamin Eye Cream;taxable;1;0;0;1;$111.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Drunk-Elephant-C-Firma™-Fresh-Day-Serum.jpg;0
27;simple;Sunday Riley;1;1;visible;Recharge the radiance of your skin with this vitamin C infused oil. Vitamin C works with golden turmeric for instant vibrance and antioxidant defence. This lightweight facial oil delivers cold-pressed, nutrient-rich extracts into your skin, leaving your complexion looking brighter and nurtured.After more face oils? Here's our list of bestselling face oils for happy and hydrated skin. Read it now.Key ingredients:Vitamin C: antioxidant protection, brightens and stimulates collagen productionTurmeric: delivers anti-inflammatory and antibacterial properties.Red raspberry: moisturises the skin and improves skin elasticity.Cranberry: rich in antioxidants and slows the appearance of premature ageing.Made without:Animal products, parabens, phthalates, sulphates, fragrance, gluten and soy.Pair it with:Sunday Riley A+ High-Dose Retinoid SerumSunday Riley C.E.O. Antioxidant Protect + Repair MoisturiserSunday Riley Auto Correct Brightening and De-Puffing Eye Contour Cream;taxable;1;0;0;1;$114.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Sunday-Riley-C.E.O.-Glow-Vitamin-C-Turmeric-Oil-35ml.jpg;0
25;simple;Glow Recipe;1;1;visible;A multi-use highlighting face serum that gives skin the ultimate dewy glow without the use of glitter, pearls or mica. This lightweight gel can be used as a hydrating, brightening and highlighting serum. Suitable for all skin types, use this versatile product before moisturiser or as the last step in your beauty routine for an instant glossy finish. This product has been ophthalmologist tested.Consumer testing:In a consumer study of 32 subjects, after 2 weeks:100% agreed this product was gentle and non-irritating.100% agreed this product does not disturb makeup.100% agreed they would incorporate this product into my skincare routine.100% agreed they would recommend this product to a friend.97% agreed this product is not sticky or greasy on the eye area.97% agreed this product has made a difference in their makeup routine.91% agreed this product helped increase the longevity of their eye makeup.Key ingredients:Niacinamide (Vitamin B3): helps brighten dullness, even out skin tone, minimize pores, improve barrier function, and soften the look of fine lines and wrinkles.Watermelon: hydrates, delivers essential vitamins and amino acids, and helps to brighten skin.Hyaluronic acid: keeps skin hydrated and bouncy, and retains 1000 times its weight in water to breathe new life into skin.Made without:Parabens, formaldehydes, formaldehyde-releasing agents, phthalates, mineral oil, retinyl palmitate, oxybenzone, coal tar, hydroquinone, sulphates sls & sles, synthetic fragrance (less than 1%), triclosan.Pair it with:Glow Recipe Watermelon Glow Up SetGlow Recipe Watermelon Glow Ultra Fine MistMECCA MAX NIGHT DUTY Hydrating Overnight Jelly MaskPro tip:Over makeup, pick up the formula using the ring finger and dab off excess on the back of your hand. Then gently pat “a drop of dew” on the high points of the face in a tapping motion.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$48.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Glow-Recipe-Watermelon-Glow-Niacinamide-Dew-Drops.jpg;0
30;simple;Drunk Elephant;1;1;visible;Drunk Elephant is exclusive to MECCAThis overnight mask features a cocktail of hydrating and barrier-replenishing ingredients. Antioxidants and omega fatty acids work together to re-hydrate parched skin, making it soft and supple and improves the appearance of skins texture and tone. Vitamin F beads deliver emollience and further hydrate the skin. Want glowing skin overnight? These overnight beauty products are what dreams are made of. Read it now.Key ingredients:Niacinamide: repairs the skin's barrier function and prevents the appearance of pigmentation. Squalane (plant derived): helps to regulate the production of oil in the skin and offers anti-inflammatory properties.  Ceramides: improve the appearance of sensitive and stressed out skin. Made without:Animal products, silicones, fragrance, PEGS and essential oils.Pair it with:Drunk Elephant T.L.C. Framboos™ Glycolic Night SerumDrunk Elephant Virgin Marula Luxury Facial OilApot.Care Vitamin B3 Pure SerumLearn more about:Niacinamide;taxable;1;0;0;1;$74.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Drunk-Elephant-F-BALM-ELECTROLYTE-WATER.jpg;0
12;simple;FOREO;1;1;visible;With T-Sonic™ facial massaging, full-spectrum LED light therapy, upgraded tech, faster heating and cooling and optimized app-led treatments, UFO 2’s hyper-infusion technology drives mask essence deeper into your face to get nutrients down where they work best - below the surface. Add it all up and you get the most comprehensive mask treatment on the planet…in two minutes or less.Pair it with:Foreo UFO Mask Bulgarian RoseForeo UFO Mask Coconut Oil;taxable;1;0;0;1;$395.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/FOREO-UFO-2-Black.jpg;0
31;simple;Clinique;1;1;visible;Clinique Moisture Surge™ 100H Auto-Replenishing Hydrator:Use morning and night on clean skin. Can be used under or over makeup and also as a 5-minute mask.Clinique Moisture Surge™ Overnight Mask:Gently dispense a 20-cent-piece-sized amount of product and smooth over cleansed, exfoliated skin in a thin layer, avoiding the eye area. If using on neck and decolletage, use another 20-cent-piece-sized amount.Leave for 30 minutes or overnight. Remove with a cloth and warm water, following with serum and moisturiser.Clinique Moisture Surge Eye™ 96-Hour Hydro-Filler Concentrate:Dispense a single pump onto the ring finger and gently tap around orbital bone, avoiding the upper eye. Use on clean dry skin, before applying serum. If pairing with a night eye cream, apply concentrate first. Can be used AM and PM.Clinique Moisture Surge™ Lip Hydro-Plump Treatment:Apply to lips day and night. Use for an instant boost of hydration and for makeup prep. Can be used as an overnight mask, or as a 5-minute mask to condition lips before lipstick application.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$85.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Clinique-More-Than-Moisture.jpg;0
36;simple;Glow Recipe;1;1;visible;The perfect pair to the most loved Avocado Melt Sleeping Mask comes the Avocado Melt Retinol Eye sleeping mask that has been formulated with coffeeberry, encapsulated retinol and the star ingredient avocado. This must-have eye mask works while you get your beauty sleep so when you wake you are left with plump, firm and de-puffed under eyes. This product has been dermatologist and ophthalmologist tested. Key ingredients:Encapsulated retinol: addresses the damage caused by daily exposure to pollutants and other free radicals. It is more gentle than traditional retinol treatments. Avocado: this nutrient rich fruit is high in antioxidants such as vitamin e and c, which are known to fight wrinkles and environmental aggressors.Coffeeberry: packed with antioxidants works to revitalise and neutralise free radicals in the skin. Niacinamide: a water soluble antioxidant that visibly restores the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles. Squalane: a hydrating and non-comedogenic oil that offers anti ageing benefits.Consumer testing results: Clinical Results: In a consumer testing panel of 24 participants:100% said their eye area felt more moisturized after 1 week of use100% said dryness was less visible after 1 week of useMade without: Parabens, sulfates, phthalates, synthetic fragrances, dyes and animal products.Pair it with:Glow Recipe Avocado Melt Sleeping MaskGlow Recipe Watermelon Glow Sleeping MaskMECCA MAX NIGHT DUTY Hydrating Overnight Jelly MaskLearn more about:SqualaneWant to learn how to incorporate retinol into your skin routine? Read about it here;taxable;1;0;0;1;$60.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Glow-Recipe-Avocado-Melt-Retinol-Eye-Sleeping-Mask.jpg;0
10;simple;REN Clean Skincare;1;1;visible;Keep your skin looking healthy and clean with this ingenious tonic, gentle enough to use daily yet potent enough to exfoliate and brighten. This luscious liquid uncovers beautifully balanced radiance by gently exfoliating the skin, promoting cell renewal and unclogging the pores. Lactic and azelaic acids combined with white willow bark boost and brighten your complexion, contributing to that enviable glow that you have been lusting after.Key ingredients:Lactic acid: a gentle, hydrating alpha-hydroxy-acid (AHA) that sloughs away dulling, dead skin cells and reveals brighter and fresher skin.Azelaic acid: reduces redness and treats acne by killing bad bacteria.White willow bark: both anti-inflammatory and antibacterial to clear pores and alleviate acne and irritation.Made without:Animal products, parabens, sulphate detergents, mineral oil, petrolatum, synthetic fragrance, synthetic colours, TEA, DEA, propylene glycol and silicone. Pair it with:REN Clean Skincare Evercalm Gentle Cleansing Milk Kate Somerville Exfolikate Glow MoisturizerMecca Cosmetica To Save Face Superscreen SPF 50+ From the shop floor:“Once you have finished with the tonic, recycle the bottle by separating it from the pump. Unfortunately, the pump cannot be recycled due to the metal spring.” – Erika, Skin Specialist at Mecca Maxima Chatswood.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$54.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Ren-READY-STEADY-GLOW-TONIC.jpg;0
26;simple;Tatcha;1;1;visible;This serum contains lactic acid as a byproduct of the fermentation process from Hadasei-3™ and is balanced by squalane and hyaluronic acid—two substances native to skin from birth that diminish with age. Together, these replenishing ingredients work to make your skin smoother, plumper, and dewier. Key ingredients:Lactic acid in Hadasei-3™: promotes natural skin surface turnover, smooths fine lines and texture.Hyaluronic acid: naturally replenishes moisture for a hydrated, plump appearance. Squalane: locks in moisture and keeps skin hydrated throughout the day. Made without:Mineral oil, synthetic fragrances, sulphate detergents, parabens, urea, DEA, TEA, phthalates. Pair it with:Tatcha The Dewy Skin CreamTatcha The EssenceTatcha Luminous Dewy Skin Mist;taxable;1;0;0;1;$125.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Tatcha-The-Dewy-Serum.jpg;0
8;simple;Cosmetics 27;1;1;visible;Correct pigmentation and skin imperfections with Glow 27. The unique blend of natural active ingredients preserve the delicate balance of the skin's eco-system whilst reducing the appearance of pores and boosting your natural radiance. Reparative, antioxidant and anti-stress properties work to rebalance and regenerate, strengthening the skin's epidermal barrier.Key ingredients: Vitamin C: provides antioxidant protection that brightens and boosts collagen production.Niacinamide: minimises enlarged pores, improves skin texture, softens fine lines and strengthens weakened skin.Skullcap: a potent antioxidant and anti-inflammatory that aids restoration of telomeres, delaying the ageing process of fibroblasts.Made without:Sulphates, mineral oil, parabens, phthalates, silicone and animal products.Pair it with:Cosmetics 27 Cleanser 27 Bio-Vitalising Cell Cleansing BalmCosmetics 27 Mist 27Cosmetics 27 Baume 27 Bio-Energising Cell Repair Balm;taxable;1;0;0;1;$163.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Cosmetics-27-Glow-27.jpg;0
15;simple;Mecca Cosmetica;1;1;visible;A transformative daily treatment that answers to environmental damage and signs of premature ageing. This antioxidant rich, high potency and never-sticky serum sinks into the skin to provide unrivalled brightening, anti-aging and skin-protecting benefits thanks to a powerhouse blend of 15% l-ascorbic acid, ferulic acid and vitamin E. The result? Skin that is more youthful, radiant and protected. This product has been dermatologically tested.Although this product is fragrance-free, you may notice that it has a distinct scent. This is not a formulation issue, it is the result of pairing a 15% pure vitamin C (L-ascorbic acid) and ferulic acid. When paired together this powerhouse combination works hard to protect skin against environmental damage and premature signs of ageing caused by free radical damage from UVA/UVB and pollution. Key ingredients:15% l-ascorbic acid: the highest possible concentration of stabilised vitamin C. It’s a potent antioxidant and skin-soothing wonder that can protect against free radical damage, even out skin tone and promote collagen production.Ferulic acid: most effective when used in synergy with Vitamin C, it targets fine lines and wrinkles, dark spots and other signs of premature aging.Vitamin E: a naturally occurring ingredient of healthy skin. It seals in moisture, nourishes and smoothes the skin.Licorice root extract: works to visibly reduce pigmentation and dark spots with soothing anti-inflammatory benefits.  Panthenol: hydrates, calms and repairs for soft, smooth and supple skin. Citric acid: gently exfoliates to help clean pores, even skin tone and soften the skin.Aloe extract: calms, soothes, and hydrates.Made without:Parabens, peg, sulfate (sls/ sles), gmos, mineral oil, petrolatum, synthetic colours, phthalates, bha and bht, triclosan, silicone d4, d5 and d6, synthetic fragrance, gluten, alcohol and talc.Pair it with:Mecca Cosmetica Glow-Giver Exfoliating SolutionMecca Cosmetica Hydrating MoisturiserMecca Cosmetica To Save Face SPF50+ Superscreen OxybenzoneTo ensure your beauty empties don’t end up in landfill, MECCA has partnered with TerraCycle, the global leaders in recycling the unrecyclable. Rather than throwing away your already-loved Mecca Cosmetica bottles, pots and tubes, TerraCycle’s recycling program lets us send back your beauty waste, ready to be sorted, processed, and transformed into something new (and just as beautiful). Next time you have squeezed as much as you can out of your favourite Mecca Cosmetica product, give your local MECCA store a visit and pop your clean empties into a labelled bin, or pass them on to a team member at the registers—they’ll take care of the rest. For a full list of what can and can’t be recycled read here.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$55.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Mecca-Cosmetica-Skin-Brightening-Vitamin-C-Serum.jpg;0
13;simple;Drunk Elephant;1;1;visible;Drunk Elephant is exclusive to MECCACombining vegan retinol with skin-nourishing superfood ingredients, this treatment helps restore bounce, resilience and youthfulness to the skin. Continued use over time reveals a brighter, more even complexion and fewer signs of ageing. This product features a convenient pump applicator. Want to learn how to incorporate retinol into your skin routine? Read about it here.Key ingredients:Retinol: a powerhouse anti-ageing ingredient that improves the skin’s structure, tone and texture by reducing the look of lines, wrinkles and pores.Vitamin F: an anti-inflammatory that also protects and maintains a healthy skin barrier.Made without:Animal products, gluten, fragrance, silicone, essential oils, drying alcohols, SLS, chemical and synthetic sunscreen.Pair it with:Drunk Elephant B-Hydra™ Intensive Hydration SerumDrunk Elephant Virgin Marula Luxury Facial Oil Drunk Elephant Lala Retro™ Whipped CreamFrom the shop floor:“If you’re new to retinol products try mixing this with your moisturiser or layer it over the top — especially if you have dry skin.” – Emma, zone manager at Mecca Maxima Macquarie.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$105.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Drunk-Elephant-A-Passioni-Retinol-Cream-30ml.jpg;0
15;simple;GOOP;1;1;visible;A restorative face oil formulated with 9 nutrient-dense oils including bakuchiol, cacay, and amla, plus extracts like Schisandra fruit and squalane that work together to help diminish the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles whilst improving firmness, overall skin texture for a soft hydrated glow. Looking for Goop in store? Find out which stores stock Goop here.Key ingredients:Bakuchiol: a retinol alternative that helps address fine lines and refine texture.  Amla: an organic superfood rich in vitamin C for brighter and more-even skin.  Cacay oil: rich in vitamin A and fatty acids to help skin tone, soften, and smooth.  Made without:Parabens, petroleum, phthalates, SLS, SLES, PEGs, TEA, DEA, silicones, or artificial dyes or fragrances. And our formulas are not tested on animals.Consumer testing results:After just one use:*100% of women showed instant, highly significant improvement in skin moisture.91% of women agreed the product had a silky texture that sank right into their skin.After four weeks of use:*100% of women showed significant improvement in skin texture (softer and smoother).97% of women showed significant improvement in the reduction of fine lines and wrinkles.After eight weeks of use:*100% of women showed highly significant improvement in the reduction of fine lines and wrinkles.94% of women said their skin tone looked significantly brighter and more even.82% of women said they saw a significant improvement in skin firmness. *Based on an eight-week third-party consumer-perception and clinical study conducted on thirty-three women ages thirty-five to sixty-five.Pair it with:GOOP GOOPGENES All-In-One Nourishing Face CreamGOOP GOOPGLOW Microderm Instant Glow Exfoliator;taxable;1;0;0;1;$140.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/GOOP-GOOPGENES-All-in-One-Super-Nutrient-Face-Oil.jpg;0
27;simple;Chantecaille;1;1;visible;This powerful toner helps to refine and smooth skin whilst also helping to minimise the appearance of pores. Featuring a blend of alpha-hydroxy acids (AHA's) to gently buff away dead skin cells and botanicals to help balance oil for a smooth and clearer looking complexion. Key ingredients:Alpha-hydroxy acids (glycolic, lactic & phytic acid): helps to gently buff away dead skin cells for a more smoother and even looking complexion.Beta-hydroxy acid (black willow bark extract): helps to minimise the appearance of pores.Microbiota balancing botanical: helps to reduce the appearance of shine.  Made without:Animal products, fragrance, parabens, phthalates, silicone, sulphates and gluten. Pair it with:Chantecaille Rice and Geranium Foaming CleanserChantecaille Rose de Mai Cleansing BalmChantecaille Hibiscus Smoothing Mask ;taxable;1;0;0;1;$125.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Chantecaille-Purifying-and-Exfoliating-Phytoactive-Solution.jpg;0
2;simple;Dr. Dennis Gross;1;1;visible;Get clinical results at home with this fast-acting, two-step daily exfoliating treatment. These cult favourite, vegan peel pads are pre-dosed with 5 powerful alpha and beta hydroxy acids (AHA and BHA), antioxidants and vitamins to accelerate cellular turnover and remove surface dullness for a smooth and totally flawless complexion. Key ingredients:AHA: a water soluble exfoliating acid that works on the surface of the skin to buff away dulling, dead skin cells. BHA: an oil soluble exfoliating acid that dives deep into the pore to reduce sebum and dead skin build up.Squalane, ceramides, and chinese foxglove: seal off water loss, helping skin maintain its integrity and natural hydration balance for up to 72 hours.Made without:Animal products, parabens and phthalates.Pair it with:Radical Skincare Express Delivery Enzyme Body Peel Mecca Cosmetica Multi-Purpose Plumping Balm Mecca Cosmetica To Save Face Superscreen SPF 50+From the shop floor:“After using the peel on the face, run the remaining actives over the neck, décolletage and hands for all over anti-ageing and smoothing.” Lisa, Zone Manager at Mecca Forrest Chase.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$125.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Dr-Dennis-Gross-Skincare-Alpha-B-Daily-Face-Peel.jpg;0
23;simple;Goldfaden MD;1;1;visible;The ultimate antidote for dull, lifeless and lacklustre complexions, this revolutionary treatment revitalises and restores radiance for a youthful look. This antioxidant-rich blend protects against environmental aggressors, increases firmness, visibly brightens, minimises the appearance of fine lines, evens skin tone, reduces redness and increases hydration levels. Key ingredients:Vitamin C: works to reduce the appearance of hyperpigmentation whilst brightening the complexionFerulic acid: powerful antioxidant that decreases the appearance of puffiness and makes skin feel firmerNiacinamide: minimises enlarged pores, improves skin texture, softens fine lines and strengthens weakened skinPanthenol: vitamin B5 hydrates, promotes wound healing and reduces inflammationMade without:Silicones, gluten, mineral oil, parabens, alcohol Pair it with:Goldfaden MD Pure StartGoldfaden MD Fresh A PeelGoldfaden MD Wake Up CallGoldfaden MD Bright Eyes;taxable;1;0;0;1;$114.00;skincare;skincare;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Goldfaden-MD-BRIGHTENING-ELIXIR.jpg;0
60;simple;Charlotte Tilbury;1;1;visible;Charlotte Tilbury’s iconic Airbrush Flawless Foundation serves up stay-all-day, weightless, full-coverage that leaves skin washed in natural matte finish that won’t budge. Infused with the skincare benefits of a serum*, it contains a magic matrix of hydrating, anti-ageing and anti-pollution ingredients designed to protect skin while leaving you with a flawless canvas. The Airbrush Flawless Foundation is a setting foundation, it dries down and oxidises while it sets and is sweat-, humidity-, waterproof.Vegan friendly. Key ingredients:2% REPLEXIUM™: significantly reduces the appearance of wrinkles by up to 22%** after 8 weeks of use! Magic MossCellTec™: No. 1 to boost hydration by up to +216%**.C.T. DEFENCE™: a power peptide that defends against urban pollution.AirCool™: provides a lasting fresh feel to combat the effects of humidity and sweat.Made without:Alcohol, paraben, gluten and sulphates. Pair it with:Charlotte Tilbury Airbrush Setting SprayCharlotte Tilbury Airbrush Flawless Finish PowderHOURGLASS Vanish Seamless Finish Foundation Brush;taxable;1;0;0;1;$65.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Charlotte-Tilbury-Airbrush-Flawless-Foundation-9-Warm.jpg;0
39;simple;Charlotte Tilbury;1;1;visible;Charlotte Tilbury’s Lip Cheat is the iconic makeup artist’s secret weapon for fuller lips faster. The waterproof formula ensures there’s no feathering or transferring, just six hours of seamless wear. Vegan friendly. Made without:Alcohol, gluten, sulphate, fragrance and parabens.Pair it with:Charlotte Tilbury Airbrush Flawless FoundationCharlotte Tilbury Hollywood Beauty Light WandTatcha The Kissu Lip Mask;taxable;1;0;0;1;$35.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Charlotte-Tilbury-Lip-Cheat-Pillowtalk-Medium.jpg;0
62;simple;NARS;1;1;visible;For a diffused lip look:  Apply Air Matte Lip Color in any shade to the center of the top and bottom lip.  Press lips together and gently blend outward with fingertips to blur color, use a blending brush to diffuse and blend color along the edges. For a dimensional lip look:Layer two shades, apply one color all over lips to create an opaque base.  Layer the second color onto center of lips. Use a blending brush to blend and diffuse. For a defined lip look:Define lips with Precision Lip Liner in a shade slightly deeper than your preferred shade of Air Matte Lip Color. Fill in lips with Air Matte Lip Color. Build coverage to your desired intensity.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$37.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/NARS-Air-Matte-Lip-Color-Joyride.jpg;0
55;simple;Charlotte Tilbury;1;1;visible;Those who covet immovable, matte lips will be more than satisfied with Charlotte Tilbury’s innovative Matte Revolution formula. Crafted with 3D glowing pigments, this lipstick creates the illusion of cashmere-soft, lit-from-within lips. The bullet’s square, angled-tip mimics the shape of a lip brush for a precise application that washes in your pout in colour for up to 10 hours.Festival Magic, Gracefully Pink, Lost Cherry, M.I.Kiss (previously Bond Girl), Pillow Talk Medium, Red Carpet Red, Sexy Sienna, Wedding Belles, Mrs Kisses, First Dance, Cover Star, Catwalking, Supermodel, Super Fabulous and So 90'S are vegan friendly shades.Pair it with:Charlotte Tilbury Airbrush Flawless FoundationCharlotte Tilbury Hollywood Beauty Light WandCharlotte Tilbury Hollywood Flawless Filter;taxable;1;0;0;1;$49.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Charlotte-Tilbury-Matte-Revolution-M.I.Kiss_.jpg;0
37;simple;Too Faced;1;1;visible;A waterproof pomade-in-pencil that delivers up to 36 hour wear. The versatile product features all the benefits of a traditional pomade, without the fuss or mess. Effortlessly fill and sculpt your brows with the precision of a pencil for fabulous fluffy brows.  Pair it with:Too Faced Better Than Sex MascaraToo Faced Born This Way Super Coverage ConcealerToo Faced Brow Wig;taxable;1;0;0;1;$33.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Too-Faced-Pomade-in-a-Pencil-Natural-Blonde.jpg;0
69;simple;Charlotte Tilbury;1;1;visible;Shape, feather and fill in your brows with this cream-wax formula designed to mimic the effect of full, fluffy brow hairs. The refillable and easy to use eyebrow pencil has been crafted with an angled tip which allows you to reach tricky, sparse areas and create fuller looking brows in seconds. Vegan friendly. Key ingredients:Rich in emollients: allows for smooth application, enabling easy creation of definition and shape.Carnauba wax: acts as an emollient, allowing slip and a smooth application.Vitamin E: to condition brow hairs.Pure pigments: a high concentration of pigments to create natural-looking colour with depth.Made without:Parabens, alcohol, oil, gluten, sulfate, fragrance and animal products.Consumer testing results:Over 92% AGREE Brow Lift™ adds SHAPE & DEFINITION, and creates INSTANTLY FULLER-LOOKING brows*! Brow Lift™ has a magical SMUDGE-PROOF, HUMIDITY-PROOF & SWEAT-RESISTANT formula with 16-HOUR WEAR**! WATERPROOF***! *Tested on 105 people**Tested on 30 people***after 5 minutesPair it with:Charlotte Tilbury Eyes To MesmeriseCharlotte Tilbury Airbrush Flawless FoundationCharlotte Tilbury Hollywood Beauty Light Wand;taxable;1;0;0;1;$39.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Charlotte-Tilbury-Brow-Lift-Light-Blonde.jpg;0
45;simple;Charlotte Tilbury;1;1;visible;Amplify your lashes with Charlotte Tilbury's Pillow Talk Push Up Lashes. With every coat lashes appear more lifted, defined, seperated and more voluminous. The jet black shade instantly enhances the look of your natural eye colour. Part of the award-winning Pillow talk franchise, four of these mascara are sold every minute, it's a beauty bag must have. Key ingredients:Push up lash-lifting polymer: derived from the Larch Tree, this natural gummy stretch & flex film former helps create a push up vertical lift and hold of the lashes. Lightweight natural waxes: carnauba wax also known as the ‘Queen of Waxes’ and Microcrystalline wax add body and texture to the formula for weightless volume and a false lash finish. Kerestore™ 2.0: creates a super-strong conditioning effect on individual hair fibres to create a thicker-look and feel on the lashes.Made without:Alcohol, gluten, sulphate, fragrance and paraben.Consumer testing results:96% agree lashes look MAGNIFIED & AMPLIFIED!*96% agree mascara visibly LENGTHENS the lashes!*93% agree mascara gives lashes a VOLUMINOUS DEFINITION!**blind tested on 31 people after one applicationPair it with:Charlotte Tilbury Cheek To ChicCharlotte Tilbury Lip Cheat;taxable;1;0;0;1;$46.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Charlotte-Tilbury-Pillow-Talk-Push-Up-Lashes.jpg;0
62;simple;Charlotte Tilbury;1;1;visible;Charlotte Tilbury offers up a true multitasking formula, designed to illuminate the skin while blurring and smoothing. Inspired by Hollywood lighting effects, the Flawless Filter can be worn alone, underneath, mixed-with or on top of your favourite foundation to keep you inspired and your makeup looking fresh. Above all else, you’ll be glowing.  	Key ingredients:Smoothing airbrush polymers: for a poreless, flawless looking finish.Finely milled powders: help blur the appearance of lines and pores.Brightening porcelain flower extract: derived from a Thai flower for brighter looking skinMade without:Gluten, fragrance, parabens and sulfates.Consumer testing results:RESULTS OBSERVED IN A USER TRIAL:96% agree Hollywood Flawless Filter gives skin a real-life filter**100% agree skin looks GLOWING!**99% agree skin looks more YOUTHFUL!**Moisturises skin for up to 24 HOURS!*****300 women tested over 1 week.***Tested on 16 people.	Pair it with:Charlotte Tilbury Airbrush Flawless FoundationCharlotte Tilbury Hollywood Beauty Light WandWestman Atelier Baby Cheeks Blush Stick;taxable;1;0;0;1;$65.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Charlotte-Tilbury-Hollywood-Flawless-Filter-5-Tan.jpg;0
40;simple;bareMinerals;1;1;visible;A vegan mineral liquid foundation inspired by the iconic bareMinerals Original Loose Mineral Foundation. The next generation clean formula helps to instantly minimise the look of pores, redness and imperfections. It features a convenient airless pump bottle that delivers a creamy texture with a luminous natural finish. It wears all day without clogging pores, causing breakouts or settling into lines, while mineral-based SPF helps to protect the skin against  UVA/UVB rays.  Available in 30 shades that flatter every skin type and tone.Key ingredients:Healthy mineral complex: visibly refines skin’s texture for smoother, healthier-looking skin.Olive-derived squalane: nourishes, hydrates and helps protect skin against moisture loss.Peptide & prickly pear extract: reduces the look of pores and redness over time.Made without:Animal products, parabens, formaldehydes, phthalates, mineral oil, retinyl palmitate, oxybenzone, sulphates, SLS & SLES and gluten. Pair it with:bareMinerals Original Liquid Mineral Concealer;taxable;1;0;0;1;$50.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/bareMinerals-Original-Liquid-Mineral-Foundation-SPF-20-Light-08.jpg;0
68;simple;M·A·C Cosmetics;1;1;visible;Try M·A·C's collection of long-lasting, creamy lipsticks available in seven finishes including lustre, matte, retro matte, amplified creme, cremesheen, frost and satin. Formulated with single-swipe payoff, the range offers feather-proof, longwearing and comfortable colour. Hover over your favourite shade to find a finish that suits you.Did you know this lipstick is one of our bestsellers? Find out which other ones made the cut here.Key ingredients:Vitamin E: ensures the colour glides onto lips smoothly without causing skin dehydration.Made without:Parabens Pair it with:M·A·C Cosmetics Lip PencilM·A·C Cosmetics Prep + Prime LipHourglass No.28 Lip Treatment OilFrom the shop floor:“To boost the lasting power of your lipstick, first apply the M·A·C Cosmetics Prep + Prime Lip to even the surface of the lips and then fill them in using the matching Lip Pencil.” - Claire, colour specialist at Mecca Maxima NorthlandAwards:Voted “Best for Lips” by you in the MECCA Beauty Election 2020;taxable;1;0;0;1;$30.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/MAC-LS-MATTE-VELVET-TEDDY.jpg;0
38;simple;Kylie Beauty;1;1;visible;Wrap lips in a lightweight liquid lipstick formula that leaves skin drenched in creamy, matte colour that won’t budge. The formula glides on effortlessly and offers long-lasting, 8-hour wear without drying lips thanks to a blend of high-grade powders and polymers. The instant-setting colour payoff ensures lips are washed in a high-pigment colour that won’t shift throughout the day.Made without:Animal products, gluten and parabens. Pair it with:Kylie Cosmetics High GlossKylie Cosmetics Liquid Eyeliner PenKylie Cosmetics Kylighter Illuminating Powder;taxable;1;0;0;1;$27.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Kylie-Cosmetics-Kylie-Cosmetics-Matte-Liquid-Lipstick-Call-Me.jpg;0
42;simple;Kylie Beauty;1;1;visible;"Even Kylie Jenner refers to her vegan Matte Lip Kit as her “secret weapon” for a perfect, ready-to-go lip routine. This lip duo, one full-size Matte Liquid Lipstick and one full-size Pencil Lip Liner, have been specifically designed to complement natural lip colours for a perfect pout; for that purpose, shades will vary between the Lip Liner and Matte Liquid Lipstick. The lightweight lipstick serves up instant-setting colour payoff for 8-hour wear while the ultra-creamy liner delivers transfer-proof, precision application.  Made without:Animal products, gluten and parabens. Pair it with:Kylie Cosmetics High GlossKylie Cosmetics Liquid Eyeliner PenKylie Cosmetics Kylighter Illuminating Powder ";taxable;1;0;0;1;$46.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Kylie-Cosmetics-Matte-Lip-Kit-Bite-Me.jpg;0
40;simple;NARS;1;1;visible;Ask any MECCA beauty junkie to name their most coveted complexion products and chances are NARS will be high up on the list, especially when it comes this stand-out tinted moisturiser. The advanced, oil-free formula provides a translucent veil of colour and gives a radiant, luminous finish. Infused with natural botanicals and hydrating extracts, it grants a bright, natural-looking glow. Think: your skin almost bare, but better.Expert tip:Add an alluring glow and extend the wear of your makeup for up to 16 hours by mixing one pump of NARS Tinted Glow Booster into your tinted moisturiser. Key ingredients:Light-diffusing pigments: blur and soften the appearance of fine lines, wrinkles and pores. Mineral rich sea water: revives the complexion leaving it softer, smoother and brighter.Kopara from French Polynesia: hydrates skin and encourages natural cell renewal for a healthier looking complexion.Made without:Oil, parabens and synthetic fragrance. Pair it with:NARS Radiant Creamy ConcealerNARS Radiance PrimerHourglass Ambient Lighting PowderFrom the shop floor:“For added glow, mix in a small amount of NARS Illuminator before application.” – Tybion, Colour Specialist at MECCA Booragoon.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$64.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/NARS-Pure-Radiant-Tinted-Moisturiser-Sydney.jpg;0
48;simple;NARS;1;1;visible;Use the tip of the brush to create thin lines and precise details. Gently push the tip in between lashes to add natural definition to the lashline. For optimal application, store liner lying horizontally when not in use.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$34.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/NARS-Climax-Liquid-Eyeliner.jpg;0
38;simple;Anastasia Beverly Hills;1;1;visible;Suitable for all skin types, this vegan, light reflecting concealer helps to correct, brighten and blur whilst creating a second skin like finish. Featuring a creamy water consistency that delivers a buildable medium coverage. The formula provides a smooth, creaseless and comfortable application without any oxidising or setting into fine lines. Available across 25 shades.Key ingredients:Plant-based glycerin: helps to moisturize.Licorice root: helps to soothe and calm.Amino acid coated pigments: help with immediate adhesion.Made without:Paraben, gluten, alcohol, fragrance, dermatologist tested, ophthalmologist tested.Pair it with:Anastasia Beverly Hills Luminous FoundationAnastasia Beverly Hills Soft Glam Eyeshadow Palette ;taxable;1;0;0;1;$45.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Anastasia-Beverly-Hills-Magic-Touch-Concealer-SHADE-1.jpg;0
52;simple;Kylie Beauty;1;1;visible;With an ultra-fine retractable tip that allows you to create hair-like strokes and a built-in spoolie to comb and blend, this brow tool is ideal for spot-filling and precise detailing. The vegan formula is highly-pigmented for strong colour payoff and leaves natural-looking finish and texture behind.  Made without:Animal products, gluten, parabens. Pair it with:Kylie Cosmetics High GlossKylie Cosmetics Kylighter Illuminating PowderKylie Cosmetics Kyliner Liquid Pen;taxable;1;0;0;1;$28.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Kylie-Cosmetics-Kylie-Cosmetics-Brow-Pencil-Blonde.jpg;0
61;simple;Westman Atelier;1;1;visible;"Your ""desert island"" must have mascara. This luxurious 96% natural origin mascara combines innovative plant-powered technology and nylon brush that volumises, curls and defines each lash. The result is supercharged black, glossy lashes that are healthy from the root to tip.You’ve got the product, now you can learn the technique! Here’s how to do a white winged eye. Key ingredients:Sunflower seed, carnauba and beeswaxes: together offer structure, volume and clean black pigments that don't smudge. Chicory root: offer lush thickening and bodifying effects.Cationic polymers: for flexible hold and full-proof curl retention, even at high humidity levels.Made without:Silicones, parabens, PEG's, phthalates and synthetic fragrance. Pair it with:Westman Atelier Vital Skin Foundation StickWestman Atelier Baby Cheeks Blush StickWestman Atelier Face Trace Contour Stick";taxable;1;0;0;1;$83.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Westman-Atelier-EYE-LOVE-YOU-MASCARA.jpg;0
70;simple;Kosas;1;1;visible;Brush through brows to fluff and add volume. Tip: for extra boost, start by brushing backwards from the tail end of your brows to the inner corner, then brush through brows like usual. ;taxable;1;0;0;1;$31.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Kosas-Air-Brow-Fluff-&-Hold-Treatment-Gel-Honey-Blonde.jpg;0
49;simple;Laura Mercier;1;1;visible;Apply a small amount onto the back of your hand and apply to the face using a sponge or fingers, working in small sections and blending well for a seamless finish.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$67.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Laura-Mercier-Tinted-Moisturiser-Oil-Free-1W1-Porcelain.jpg;0
63;simple;NARS;1;1;visible;A sheer, buildable foundation with a natural-looking finish that immaculately evens skin tone. Complete with skincare benefits and the NARS Complexion Brightening Formula, it leaves the skin hydrated, softer and smoother. When used daily, NARS Sheer Glow Foundation improves the skin's brightness and texture. Ideal for evening the complexion with a natural, lightweight glow. Note: the NARS Foundation Pump is sold separately.Pro-tip:Add an alluring glow and extend the wear of your makeup for up to 16 hours by mixing one pump of NARS Tinted Glow Booster into your NARS Sheer Glow foundation.Key ingredients:Glycerin: a powerful humectant that maintains the skin’s moisture levels to prevent dehydration.Vitamin C: brightens the skin and diminishes the look of discolouration. Turmeric extract: a powerful antioxidant and anti-inflammatory that adds radiance and evens out the skin tone. Made without:Parabens, fragrance, oil, phthalates, gluten and alcohol. Pair it with:NARS Foundation PumpNARS Radiant Creamy Concealer NARS Tinted Glow BoosterFrom the shop floor:“For extra glow, mix a small amount of liquid illuminator into your foundation before applying it. Try the NARS Illuminator in Copacabana.” – Tiffany, in-house trainer at Mecca Maxima Carindale.Awards:Voted “Best Base” by you in the MECCA Beauty Election 2020.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$67.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Nars-Sheer-Glow-Foundation-Vallauris.jpg;0
40;simple;bareMinerals;1;1;visible;Totally effortless and perfectly portable, this award-winning skin tint is your new go-to for a dewy, healthy-looking glow. Combining hydrating skincare benefits with radiant, natural-looking coverage and mineral-based broad spectrum SPF 30+, this is the ultimate 3-in-1 multi-tasking clean makeup. The water-infused, oil-free formula smooths onto skin with a refreshing waterburst sensation. The lightweight gel-cream, which is 98% naturally derived, gives you the benefits of makeup, skincare and SPF in one step.    Watch Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and Nikki DeRoest use the Complexion Rescue Tinted Hydrating Gel in their beauty routine here.Key ingredients:Olive-derived squalane: quenches dry skin with all-day hydration that feels light and refreshing.Mineral electrolytes: replenishes and balances skin’s moisture.Mineral-based SPF 30+: non-chemical broad spectrum sunscreen protects from damaging UVA and UVB rays.Made without:Animal products, parabens, oil, phthalates, fragrance, chemical sunscreens, sodium lauryl sulphate, mineral oil, triclosan, formaldehyde, talc and gluten. Pair it with:Mecca Cosmetica Plumping BalmLaura Mercier Pure Canvas Primer - HydratingTatcha Dewy Skin CreamFrom the shop floor:“For extra coverage, tap this product into the skin with your fingers. It will layer effortlessly without moving what you’ve applied underneath.”- Amber, Colour Specialist at MECCA Bondi. Awards:Allure Best in Beauty Hall of Fame winner;taxable;1;0;0;1;$47.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/bareMinerals-Complexion-Rescue-Gel-Spice-8.jpg;0
57;simple;Morphe;1;1;visible;Perfect your skin while letting your natural beauty shine through with this sheer-to-medium coverage foundation, complete with a radiant, second-skin finish. Lightweight and breathable, the formula can be built up gradually so you have total control over the coverage you want plus, it lasts for up to 16 hours on the skin. It boosts your skin’s moisture levels for up to 12 hours for a healthy, youthful glow while smoothing and blurring imperfections, giving you a naturally flawless look. This product is water, sweat and transfer resistant and is non comedogenic. Made without:Animal products, sulfates and parabens.Pair it with:Morphe 2 Li'L Pick-Me-Up 3-In-1 Face MistMorphe Highlight & Contour Beauty SpongeMorphe Gloss Pop Face & Eye Gloss;taxable;1;0;0;1;$28.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Morphe-M2-SKIN-TINT-16-NUTMEG.jpg;0
45;simple;Urban Decay;1;1;visible;Taking inspiration from Urban Decay's iconic All Nighter Longwear Setting Sprays, this loose, vegan translucent setting powder helps to set and perfect your makeup. It's silky formula applies seamlessly onto the skin and offers a mattifying finish. It's perfect to use all over the face or can be used to target specific areas such as the T-zone.Pair it with:Urban Decay All Nighter Long Lasting Makeup Setting SprayUrban Decay Stay Naked Weightless Liquid FoundationUrban Decay Stay Naked Correcting Concealer;taxable;1;0;0;1;$50.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Urban-Decay-All-Nighter-Loose-Powder.jpg;0
56;simple;NARS;1;1;visible;Apply to bare lips for a sheer tint of colour or as a moisturising base under any lip shade. To add shine and subtle illuminating effects, apply as a topcoat over other lip colours. Tap Afterglow Lip Balm to the high points of the cheek with fingertips for a natural-looking, shimmer-free highlighter.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$31.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/NARS-Mini-Afterglow-Lip-Balm-Duo.jpg;0
37;simple;MECCA MAX;1;1;visible;Don’t hate, laminate: inspired by the tips and tricks of beauty insiders across the world, our Brow Guru Super Soap serves up full and fluffy brows, in true Insta-model style. Thanks to its waxy, firm-hold texture, you can trust your brows will defy gravity all day long. Like the rest of our range, this brow soap is proudly vegan and cruelty-free.Pair it with:MECCA MAX Brow Artist Brow BrushMECCA MAX Life Proof Setting SprayMECCA MAX Brow Guru Tinted Brow Gel;taxable;1;0;0;1;$16.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/MECCA-MAX-Brow-Guru-Super-Soap.jpg;0
41;simple;NARS;1;1;visible;Ask any MECCA beauty junkie to name their most coveted complexion products and chances are NARS will be high up on the list, especially when it comes this stand-out tinted moisturiser. The advanced, oil-free formula provides a translucent veil of colour and gives a radiant, luminous finish. Infused with natural botanicals and hydrating extracts, it grants a bright, natural-looking glow. Think: your skin almost bare, but better.Expert tip:Add an alluring glow and extend the wear of your makeup for up to 16 hours by mixing one pump of NARS Tinted Glow Booster into your tinted moisturiser. Key ingredients:Light-diffusing pigments: blur and soften the appearance of fine lines, wrinkles and pores. Mineral rich sea water: revives the complexion leaving it softer, smoother and brighter.Kopara from French Polynesia: hydrates skin and encourages natural cell renewal for a healthier looking complexion.Made without:Oil, parabens and synthetic fragrance. Pair it with:NARS Radiant Creamy ConcealerNARS Radiance PrimerHourglass Ambient Lighting PowderFrom the shop floor:“For added glow, mix in a small amount of NARS Illuminator before application.” – Tybion, Colour Specialist at MECCA Booragoon.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$64.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Nars-Pure-Radiant-Tinted-Moisturiser-Alaska.jpg;0
41;simple;HOURGLASS;1;1;visible;Get the fullness of a powder, definition of a pencil and hold of a wax in one mechanical brow pencil. Formulated with a triangular tip, the fine edge allows you to define the brow with hair-like strokes whilst the wider edge quickly eliminates sparseness. The buildable formula allows you to customise your look as it intensifies with pressure or softens as you brush through with the included spoolie. Made without:Animal products, fragrance, sulphates, phthalates, synthetic dyes, GMOs, triclosan and gluten. Pair it with:Hourglass Arch Brow Volumizing Fiber Gel MECCA MAX Brow Guru Clear Control GelTalika Eyebrow Lipocils Expert From the shop floor:“When defining your brows, follow the natural growth pattern of your hair. Then work the pencil against the growth of the hair to add volume to the brow.” – Eliza, colour specialist at Mecca Maxima EastlandAwards:Voted “Best for Brows” by you in the MECCA Beauty Election 2020.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$48.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Hourglass-Arch-Brow-Sculpting-Pencil-Soft-brunette.jpg;0
73;simple;NARS;1;1;visible;"A full-coverage, radiant concealer that brightens under eyes, corrects discolouration and conceals blemishes. Infused with hydrating skincare and light-diffusing technology, this concealer won't crease or transfer for 16 hours. Skincare is the first step to a bright, even complexion. Read our eye cream guide to find the perfect base for your favourite concealer.Key ingredients:Mineral tone-balancing powder: corrects imperfections and evens out skin tone whilst imparting a radiant glow. Light-diffusing mineral powder: reduces the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles.Multi-active botanical blend: magnolia bark extract, grapeseed extract and vitamin E work to reduce redness, hydrate and firm the skin.Made without:Parabens, alcohol and fragrance. Pair it with:Nars Cream Blending Brush 12Charlotte Tilbury Airbrush Flawless Finish PowderNars All Day Luminous Weightless FoundationFrom the shop floor:“If you struggle with dark under eyes, blend a peach toned shade like Honey or Biscuit under the eyes first to correct before covering with a shade that matches your skin tone.” – Sally, Senior Artist   ";taxable;1;0;0;1;$43.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Nars-Radiant-Creamy-Concealer-Caramel.jpg;0
43;simple;Too Faced;1;1;visible;" Longing for lashes that seductively standout with all the volume and zero fuss? Look no further! Our best selling mascara is your next beauty go-to for good reason. This vegan mascara lengthens, volumises and separates as you apply. Created in the blackest black, this fool-proof lash wonder will make even the most subtle of eye looks pop. The buildable formula gives you curled lashes in two coats, and a false lash effect in three coats. The hourglass-shaped wand also curls as you apply for a dramatic lift. This award-winning* mascara is suitable for everything from a glam look to a naturally enhanced eye.Pro-tip:Looking for lashes that don't stop? Before layering on mascara, pump the Shiseido Eyelash Curler across you top lashes for a priming lift. Lock-in the curl with lashings of Too Faced's Better Than Sex mascara. Key ingredients:Peptides: deeply conditions and strengthens lashes by infusing the hair cortex with vitamin building blocks.Film-firming polymer: locks in curl for a lasting lift that doesn't budge.Acacia senegal tree extracts: sets the volume for all-day drama, maintaining thick voluminous lashes no matter what.Made without:Animal products, gluten and parabens.Pair it with:Charlotte Tilbury Life Changing LashesToo Faced Better Than Sex Faux Mink Falsie Lashes - Natural FlirtShiseido Kajal InkArtist Shadow, Liner, BrowFrom the shop floor:""Apply the mascara at the roots first before pulling the wand through the length of the lashes, as the most product is deposited where you first lay the brush."" - Sally, Senior Artist.Awards:Voted “Best Mascara” by you in the MECCA Beauty Election 2020.";taxable;1;0;0;1;$38.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Too-Faced-Better-than-Sex-Mascara.jpg;0
65;simple;ILIA;1;1;visible;A vegan, tinted mineral SPF face serum that provides skin with a lightweight dewy coverage. Skin is left feeling hydrated and nourished thanks to hyaluronic acid to plump, plant based squalane to help balance and niacinamide to help smooth skin's texture. This product has been dermatologist tested and is non-comedogenic. Key ingredients:Niacinamide: helps to smooth skin texture.Plant-based squalane: helps to balance skin and improve elasticity.Hyaluronic acid (macro + micro): penetrates skin at different levels to help plump and seal hydration.Made without:Animal products, gluten, soy, silicone, fragrance, nanoparticle, sulphate, phthalate, paraben.Pair it with:ILIA MultistickILIA True Skin Serum ConcealerILIA Balmy Gloss Tinted Lip Oil;taxable;1;0;0;1;$68.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/ILIA-Super-Serum-Skin-Tint-SPF-40-Sombrio-ST2.5.jpg;0
49;simple;Too Faced;1;1;visible;This lightweight, full-coverage concealer can be used to cover imperfections, contour, highlight and retouch the skin to achieve complexion perfection. The oil-free and photo-friendly formula will add coverage, cover redness and conceal dark circles with a crease-free, undetectable finish. Skincare is the first step to a bright, even complexion. Read our eye cream guide to find the perfect base for your favourite concealer.Key ingredients:Coconut water: replenishes the skin’s moisture levels without over-hydrating. Alpine rose: brightens skin. Hyaluronic acid: provides long-lasting, hydration that balances the skin for a more youthful appearance.Made without:Oil, gluten and parabens.Pair it with:Too Faced Born This Way FoundationToo Faced Born This Way Setting PowderClinique Chubby Stick Sculpting Contour;taxable;1;0;0;1;$43.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Too-Faced-BTW-COVERAGE-CONC-ALMOND.jpg;0
51;simple;Kevyn Aucoin;1;1;visible;For extra volume, wiggle the mascara at the base of the lashes before pulling through the lengths.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$40.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Kevyn-Aucoin-The-Volume-Mascara.jpg;0
43;simple;HOURGLASS;1;1;visible;An advanced alternative to liquid foundation, this medium-to-full coverage skin tint features SPF and anti-ageing complexes to help create a youthful, glowing complexion. With a whipped cream texture, this hydrating and firming skin tint works to even out skin tone, soften imperfections and boost moisture levels.Key ingredients:Hyaluronan Complex: composed of an advanced form of hyaluronic acid to plump fine lines and wrinkles, tighten sagging skin and promote a luminous glow.?Pearlescent pigments: infuse the complexion with a naturally radiant glow.Made without:Parabens, fragrance, gluten, sulfates, nanoparticles, phthalates, synthetic dyes and GMOs.Pair it with:Hourglass Foundation/Blush Brush No.2Hourglass No.28 Primer SerumHourglass Veil™ Soft Focus Setting Spray;taxable;1;0;0;1;$80.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Hourglass-Illusion-Hyaluronic-Skin-Tint-Vanilla.jpg;0
69;simple;bareMinerals;1;1;visible;This skin-loving, vegan powder foundation cares as it covers, promoting clearer, healthier-looking skin over time. Customise your coverage from sheer to full with this effortlessly buildable formula that wears all day without clogging pores, causing breakouts or settling into fine lines.Key ingredients:Mineral-based SPF 15: unlike chemical sunscreens that absorb UV rays, mineral-based sunscreens work to immediately block UV rays from absorbing into the skin - protecting against UVA and UVB damage.Mica: offers a naturally glowing complexion.Made without:Animal products, gluten, talc, parabens, phthalates, fragrance, preservatives and chemical sunscreen. Pair it with:Bare Minerals Full Flawless Face Brush Bare Minerals Prime Time Foundation PrimerBare Minerals Endless Summer Bronzer - WarmthFrom the shop floor:“The more you buff this product into the skin, the more seamless and skin-like it looks.” – Amy, Colour Specialist at MECCA Forrest Chase.Awards:Readers Choice - Allure 2021;taxable;1;0;0;1;$46.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/bareMinerals-Original-SPF-15-Foundation-Medium-Beige.jpg;0
66;simple;Anastasia Beverly Hills;1;1;visible; This lightweight wax formula easily grips onto hair and skin to create the illusion of fuller brows with natural-looking texture. The fine tip creates precise hair-like strokes for easy detailing and filling in of sparser areas, whilst the spoolie end softly blends colour through the brow for a seamless finish.Made without: Animal products, fragrance, parabens, sulphates.Pair it with:Anastasia Beverly Hills Brow PrimerAnastasia Beverly Hills DIPBROW® GelAnastasia Beverly Hills Stencils;taxable;1;0;0;1;$36.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Anastasia-Beverly-Hills-BROW-WIZ-SOFT-BROWN.jpg;0
59;simple;Urban Decay;1;1;visible;A vegan, weightless mist that sets and holds makeup in place for up to 16 hours, no matter the climate. Suitable for all skin types, this spray will ensure makeup doesn’t smudge, crack, melt or fade. All Nighter can also be used to refresh over-powdered complexions and to intensify eyeshadow or highlighter, just spritz the brush before applying. This transfer-proof mist is also cruelty free and will keep your makeup looking vibrant all night long.Key ingredients:Temperature Control Technology: a patented technology that regulates the temperature of your makeup to keep it from smudging or melting in any climate. Made without:Animal products, oil and parabens. Pair it with:Urban Decay All Nighter FoundationCharlotte Tilbury WonderglowCharlotte Tilbury Beauty Light WandFrom the shop floor:“If you find setting powder too dry or don’t like a powdered finish, use All Nighter to seal and set makeup instead.” – Sally, senior artist;taxable;1;0;0;1;$55.00;makeup;makeup;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Urban-Decay-SETTING-SPRAY-ALL-NIGHT-NEW.jpg;0
84;simple;Mecca Cosmetica;1;1;visible;This fragrance-free, dermatologically tested body sunscreen has been designed with sensitive skin in mind. Combining calming ingredients - Aloe Vera, Chamomile and Vitamin E - with broad spectrum protection, this 4 hours water resistant sunscreen is ideal for use when outdoors or exercising.Key ingredients:Aloe Vera: known for possessing water-binding, antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and anti-bacterial properties, Aloe Vera helps to locks in moisture, reduce irritation and soothe sensitive, stressed out skin. Chamomile: this restorative, antioxidant-rich plant has long been used for its anti-inflammatory and soothing properties. Chamomile can be used to calm and relieve irritated skin.Vitamin E: naturally present in the skin but depleted with age and sun exposure, topical application can provide many benefits. Vitamin E strengthens the skin’s natural barrier to assist with skin hydration and reducing water loss, whilst aiding in free radical protection.Made without:Parabens, sulfates(SLS/SLES), GMO's, mineral oil, petrolatum, synthetic colouring, phthalates, triclosan, fragrance, gluten, talc.Pair it with:Mecca Cosmetica To Save Face SPF50+ Superscreen Oxybenzone Free FormulaMecca Cosmetica To Save Lips Superscreen Protective Lip Balm with SPF50+Mecca Cosmetica Hyaluronic Acid Hydration SerumMecca Cosmetica To Save Skin After Sun Mist;taxable;1;0;0;1;$36.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Mecca-Cosmetica-To-Save-Sensitive-Body-SPF50-Superscreen-200ml.jpg;0
106;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;An all-natural coffee scrub that prevents and removes dry skin whilst helping to fade stretch marks, reduce cellulite and breakouts. Instantly, skin will feel soft, smooth and hydrated. Key ingredients:Robusta coffee grinds: stimulates blood flow and promotes collagen production to reduce the appearance of stretch marks and cellulite.Cold pressed sweet almond oil: an antioxidant that leaves skin hydrated even after rinsing off. Vitamin E: protects skin from free radical damage and fades scarring. Made without:Animal products, parabens, synthetic ingredients and PEGs. Pair it with:MECCA MAX FOAM-O Gentle Gel CleanserFrank Body Lip Duo Original Sol de Janeiro Brazilian Bum Bum CreamFrom the shop floor:“This coffee scrub is everything you need from a scrub, and more! I love that it stimulates collagen, removes flaky skin, and moisturises all at the same time, revealing baby-smooth flawless skin. I recommend using this scrub as pre-tan prep to ensure your tan lasts longer.” - Meg, store host at Mecca Maxima Chermside;taxable;1;0;0;1;$18.95;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-Original-Coffee-Scrub-200g.jpg;0
101;simple;Isle Of Paradise;1;1;visible;A colour correcting tan that will leave you hydrated and nourished and never smelling of a fake tan. Offered in three colour correcting colours.              Chose peach for a light sun kissed glow, it is infused with OXY-glow Complex ™ to brighten skin, illuminated and reduces inflammation.Chose green for a medium golden tan. Infused with Super Balance Complex™ it reduces redness and inflammation skin. Chose Violet for a deep Bronze Tan HyperViolet™ Complex Neutralises orange, yellow and ash tones and brightens sallow tones. It increases clarity and brightens the skin. Key ingredients:Blend of coconut, chia seed and avocado oil: help maintain natural barrier function and condition skin to leave it deeply hydrated and nourished with boosted elasticityMade without:Animal products, sulphate, parabens, alcohol free, phthalates, mineral oils, petrolatum, gluten, GMO, toxinsPair it with:Bangn Body Illuminating Firming Lotion Isle Of Paradise Prep It Self Tan Priming Spray Elle Effect The Exfoliating Mitt;taxable;1;0;0;1;$40.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Isle-Of-Paradise-TANNING-MOUSSE-DARK-200ML.jpg;0
106;simple;Sol de Janeiro;1;1;visible;A rich yet fast absorbing body cream with an addictive vanilla-pistachio scent. Loaded with caffeine and antioxidants, this cream will nourish, firm and impart a natural glow to the skin.Want to know more? Chat to our in-store teamfor personalised application advice now.Key ingredients:Guarana: with five times the caffeine of coffee, guarana will stimulate circulation, boost energy and smooth skin. Capuacu butter: high in fatty-acids, this butter will lock in moisture and restore skin elasticity. Coconut oil: softens, conditions and nourishes skin. Made without:Animal products, gluten, soy, parabens, artificial colours, phthalates, sulphates, talc, mineral oil, microbeads and PEG’s.Pair it with:Sol de Janeiro Brazilian Crush Body Fragrance Mist Isle of Paradise Self-Tanning DropsSol de Janeiro Cheirosa '62 CandleFrom the shop floor:“After exfoliation, Bum Bum cream is perfect for prepping the skin for false tan.” – Lucy, retail skincare manager Awards:Voted “Best for Body” by you in the MECCA Beauty Election 2020.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$64.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Sol-de-Janerio-BRAZILIAN-BUM-BUM-240ML.jpg;0
82;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;An exfoliating body lotion packed with glycolic and lactic acids to keep skin smooth, plus nourishing mango seed butter that soothes and hydrates, for a glowing complexion all year round. Key ingredients:Glycolic & lactic acid: chemical exfoliants that gobble up dead skin. Mango seed butter: a rich moisturiser that can soothe dry, irritated skin.Vitamins C and A: for a glowing complexion.Made without:Parabens and sulphates.Pair it with:Frank Body Booty Drops Firming Body OilFrank Body Brightening Vitamin C MaskFrank Body Original Coffee Scrub;taxable;1;0;0;1;$19.95;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-AHA-Body-Lotion.jpg;0
103;simple;Sol de Janeiro;1;1;visible;Think of this body cream as a glow-inducing treatment for every inch of you. Designed to reveal radiant and renewed skin from top to toe, this daily moisturiser is packed with Fruit AHAs to gently exfoliate and even skin tone while vitamin C leaves skin glowing. The exfoliating benefits of the cream makes it ideal for areas prone to ingrown hair (underarms, bikini line, legs, etc.) or the treatment of bumpy, rough spots on upper arms, thighs and bums.  Key ingredients:Fruit alpha hydroxy acids: exfoliating acids derived from mango and banana help promote cell turnover and an instant refresh.  Vitamin C ester: a fast-absorbing form of vitamin C that offers a time release delivery for a steady flow of free radical protection and skin-brightening benefits. Cajá: a vitamin and mineral-rich fruit brimming with vitamins A, B1, B2, C, calcium and iron that together support healthy skin function. Cupuaçu butter: brimming with fatty-acids, phytosterols, and polyphenols to lock in moisture and help support skin elasticity. Willow bark extract: derived from the bark of the willow tree, this soothing extract is known for its anti-inflammatory properties. Rich in salicin (the natural source for pore-clearing salicylic acid), salicin helps to keep pores and hair follicles clear and discourage ingrown hairs.  Made without:Gluten, parabens, animal products or testing. Pair it with:Sol de Janeiro Bum Bum Body ScrubSol de Janeiro Brazilian Bum Bum CreamSol de Janeiro Brazilian Crush Body Fragrance Mist;taxable;1;0;0;1;$64.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Sol-de-Janeiro-Bom-Dia-Bright-Cream-240ml.jpg;0
105;simple;Isle Of Paradise;1;1;visible;Say hello to a year-round holiday glow with these handy self-tanning drops - just add them into your regular moisturiser! Delivering 12 shades of radiant tan, you control how deep the colour is dependent on how many drops you add to your moisturiser. Ideal for sensitive skin, these tan drops have been designed with non-sensitising, hypoallergenic ingredients and actives at the ideal pH level for skin. The Light shade contains Oxy-Glow™ complex for a brighter complexion, the Medium shade is formulated with Super Balance™ complex to calm the skin and reduce redness, and the Dark shade contains Hyper Violet™ complex to reduce orange tones and sallowness in the skin.You’ve chosen the self-tan and now you need to know how to nail the application—find out here.Key ingredients:Coconut Oil: to deeply hydrate and transport other nutrients into the skin, for a tan that lasts longer!Chia Seed Oil: reduces inflammation and hydrates skin.Avocado Oil: replenishes moisture, soothes and nourishes for supple, hydrated skin.Made without:Parabens, sulphates, mineral oils and phthalates.Pair it with:Sol De Janeiro Brazilian NudeMECCA MAX ALL DAY EVERY DAY Oil-Free MoisturiserGo-To Face Hero;taxable;1;0;0;1;$40.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Isle-Of-Paradise-TANNING-DROPS-DARK-30ML.jpg;0
106;simple;Drunk Elephant;1;1;visible;Drunk Elephant calls on a dream-team blend of glycolic, tartaric, lactic, and citric alpha hydroxy acids for their T.L.C. Glycolic Body Lotion. The formula gently smooths and refines rough, bumpy skin while improving areas of uneven tone. A mix of antioxidant-loaded non-fragrant plant oils and butters—think green tea seed, passionfruit, apricot, marula, and shea—soothes and goes deep to moisturise dry, irritable skin, while squalane, vitamin F, sodium hyaluronate, and niacinamide work to create a stronger, healthier acid mantle. Powerful electrolytes (coconut fruit juice and sodium PCA) provide critical hydration and help defend against environmental stressors.    Key ingredients:T.L.C. Framboos™ AHA blend: glycolic plus tartaric (T), lactic (L), and citric (C) acids exfoliate built-up dead skin cells, resurfacing dull, uneven skin for a smoother, brighter, more even-looking complexion.Marula butter: a super-pure concentrated butter derived from marula oil, and rich in antioxidant polyphenols, lipids, and fatty acids, that deeply moisturises skin and provides powerful barrier protection. Shea butter: a concentrated butter derived from the shea fruit. Shea butter has a complex triglyceride composition that is responsible for its characteristic rich, emollient properties andskin-barrier protection. Green tea seed oil: this moisturising, fatty-acid-rich oil derived from the seeds of the green tea plant contains powerful antioxidant xanthines (like caffeine) and polyphenols (such as epigallocatechin gallate, epigallocatechin, and epicatechins), which play a critical role in defending skin against environmental—particularly UV-generated—free radical damage. Made without:Silicones, essential oils, fragrance, dyes, sulphates, phthalates, animal products and testing. Pair it with:Drunk Elephant Sili™ Body LotionDrunk Elephant Lippe Balm™Drunk Elephant Kamili™ Cream Body Cleanser;taxable;1;0;0;1;$36.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Drunk-Elephant-T.L.C.-Glycolic-Body-Lotion.jpg;0
92;simple;Bangn Body;1;1;visible;This multi-purpose Firming Lotion is designed to be used on both the face and body. It’s lightweight, creamy and fast absorbing. Antioxidants and essential vitamins work together to improve the overall appearance of skin, increasing circulation, blood flow and collagen production that helps to reduce the appearance of cellulite, stretch marks and scarring.Key ingredients:Aloe vera leaf oil: soothes irritation and redness while fighting bacteria.Avocado oil: soothes irritation and moisturises dry, damaged skin.Green coffee bean extract: increases circulation and collagen production to firm skin and fade textural imperfections.Jojoba seed oil: deeply moisturises and infuses skin with vitamins.Pineapple fruit extracts: soothes inflammation and gently exfoliates for glowing skin.Sunflower oil: helps the skin retain moisture for lasting hydration and repairs skin damage.Virgin coconut oil: deeply moisturises without clogging pores.Made without:Animal products, sulphates and parabens.Pair it with:Bangn Body Smooth Skin ScrubBangn Body Lip & Eye Beauty BalmBangn Body Illuminating Firming Lotion;taxable;1;0;0;1;$48.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Bangn-Body-Firming-Lotion.jpg;0
107;simple;Soap & Glory;1;1;visible;A refreshing sweet and citrus body scrub to awaken skin. Lime extracts awaken the nose whilst brown sugar help hydrate and exfoliate skin. Key ingredients:Smashed brown sugar macadamia grains: deeply exfoliate and polishes skin. Made without:Alcohol free Pair it with:Sugar Crush Body WashMECCA MAX SPOT DOTS Blemish Busting PatchesMecca Cosmetica Lip De Luscious Lip Glide ;taxable;1;0;0;1;$16.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Soap-Glory-Sugar-Crush-Body-Scrub.jpg;0
89;simple;Mario Badescu;1;1;visible;The ideal vegan body wash for all skin types, whether you have dull, dry skin or oily, troubled skin. Designed to leave skin feeling thoroughly clean and refreshed, this botanical body soap is formulated with an invigorating blend of fruit enzymes, ginseng and linden to revitalise skin with every shower. Key ingredients:Grapefruit extract: rich in antioxidants to transform dull, dehydrated skin.Ginseng: boosts circulation and synthesis of collagen.Linden: locks moisture into skin and delivers firming and tightening effects.Made without: Animal products and parabens. Pair it with:Kiehl’s Creme de Corps MoisturiserMecca Cosmetica Body Wonder Tinted Body MoisturiserLuna Bronze Radiant Self Tanning Lotion;taxable;1;0;0;1;$11.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Mario-Badescu-AHA-Botanical-Body-Soap.jpg;0
88;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;Meet Frank Body's In Shower Moisturiser, it's a practical way of nourishing your body when you shower. Designed to be used on wet skin, this moisturiser absorbs easily and without any sticky residue providing instant hydration. Key ingredients:Shea butter: contains lots of fatty acids and vitamins that aid in softening and moisturising the skin.Green tea extract: a rich source of antioxidants that can help reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles. Vitamin E: leaves the skin silky and hydrated.Made without:Parabens and sulphates.Pair it with:Frank Body A Clean Body Wash UnscentedFrank Body Clean Deodorant UnscentedFrank Body Original Coffee Scrub;taxable;1;0;0;1;$14.95;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-In-Shower-Moisturiser.jpg;0
76;simple;Soap & Glory;1;1;visible;To transforms your scaly legs from reptilian to radiant. Nothing eliminates dry surface flakes as fast as Flake Away. For superhero-strength skin smoothing spa body polish with Shea Butter, sweet almond oil, apricot seed powder, sea salt and sugar. One round in the shower with this scrub and no-one will ever have to know that all this time you’ve been flaking it.Key ingredients:Sugar extract: On the skin, it binds to water to deeply hydrate rough skin. Grape seed oil: rich in fatty oils, grape seed oil helps to nourish and hydrate skin. Made without:Alcohol and parabensPair it with:Soap And Glory The Scrub Of Your Life - Smoothing Body BufferSol De Janeiro Brazilian Bod Buff Scrub MECCA MAX CLEAN SWEEP Gentle Exfoliating & Brightening Toner;taxable;1;0;0;1;$5.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Soap-Glory-Mini-Flake-Away.jpg;0
86;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;A coconut oil infused, natural coffee scrub that prevents and removes dry skin whilst working to fade stretch marks, cellulite and scarring. Nut-free and vegan, this body buff is perfect for those with sensitive skin. After each application skin will feel softer, smoother and more nourished.   Key ingredients:Robusta coffee grinds: stimulates blood flow and promotes collagen production to reduce the appearance of stretch marks and cellulite.Grapeseed oil: fades scars and tightens skin even after use. Coconut oil: a natural anti-bacterial that hydrates and plumps skin.Made without:Animal products, nuts, parabens, PEGs and phthalates. Pair it with:Frank Body Babe Island Coconut Set From the shop floor:“Store your scrub in a cool, dry place to extend its shelf life.” – Julita, zone manager at Mecca Maxima Carousel;taxable;1;0;0;1;$18.95;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-Coconut-Coffee-Scrub-200g.jpg;0
89;simple;Mecca Cosmetica;1;1;visible;Supercharged with a skin-smoothing blend of 8% AHAs and PHA plus Siberian Ginseng, this advanced body wash gently exfoliates built-up layers of dead skin, unclogs pores and targets bumps and breakouts. Nourishing Starfruit and Rosemary Leaf extracts may help to soothe redness and diminish the appearance of irritation and dryness for visibly smoother, softer and glowing skin. Key ingredients:Siberian ginseng: improves blood circulation and optimises skin renewal and clarity for remarkably healthier looking skin and a refined texture. Glycolic acid: the holy grail for exfoliation, effectively removing the outermost layer of dead cells, revealing a brighter, more even skin tone.Starfruit extract: the rich presence of antioxidants along with vitamins B and C aid in hydrating and healing the skin, alleviating the discomforts of dryness and reducing the appearance of redness and irritation which in turn leads to glowing skin. Gluconolactone: a polyhydroxy acid (PHA), that offers all the benefits of AHAs but is far more gentle to the skin and is suitable for sensitive skin. Made without:Cruelty free, Parabens, PEG, sulphate, (SLS/SLES), GMO's, mineral oil, petrolatum, synthetic colours, phthalates, BHA, BHT, triclosan, silicone D4, D5, D6, gluten, alcohol and talc.Pair it with:Mecca Cosmetica Mecca Athletica Ultra-Firming Body LotionMecca Cosmetica Mecca Athletica Aluminium-Free DeodorantTo ensure your beauty empties don’t end up in landfill, MECCA has partnered with TerraCycle, the global leaders in recycling the unrecyclable. Rather than throwing away your already-loved Mecca Cosmetica bottles, pots and tubes, TerraCycle’s recycling program lets us send back your beauty waste, ready to be sorted, processed, and transformed into something new (and just as beautiful). Next time you have squeezed as much as you can out of your favourite Mecca Cosmetica product, give your local MECCA store a visit and pop your clean empties into a labelled bin, or pass them on to a team member at the registers—they’ll take care of the rest. For a full list of what can and can’t be recycled read here.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$38.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Mecca-Cosmetica-MECCA-ATH-AHA-BODY-WASH.jpg;0
75;simple;Sol de Janeiro;1;1;visible;Shower time will be a treat thanks to this addictive gel cream cleanser infused with Sol De Janeiro's signature scent of pistachio and salted caramel. This ultra luxe cleanser washes away impurities and leaves your skin looking and feeling touchably soft.Key ingredients:Cupuaçu butter: filled with essential fatty acids, that lock in moisture and restore skin's elasticity.  Coconut oil: ultra nourishing and healing, this skin loving oil melts into skin to soften, nourish and moisturise. Acai oil: an antioxidant rich superfood that keeps skin healthy, vibrant and youthful.  Made without:Gluten, sulphates, parabens, mineral oil and phthalates.Pair it with:Sol De Janeiro Brazilian Bum Bum CreamSol De Janeiro Samba Foot Fetish CareSol De Janeiro Brazilian Bod Buff Smoothing Scrub 'N Mask;taxable;1;0;0;1;$36.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Sol-de-Janeiro-BRAZILLIAN-4PLAY-SHOWER-GEL-NEW.jpg;0
101;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;"This body scrub and bath soak has been designed to help you relax and unwind before you get that beauty sleep. Epsom salts, lavender and chamomile work to gently exfoliate the skin while also helping the body to relax.Wrap this product up and gift it along with others. Here are our self-care gift pack ideas.Key ingredients:Epsom salts: gently exfoliates and smooths dry, tired skin.  Magnesium: helps to relax you, soothes muscles, decreases inflammation and helps to calm the mind.  Lavender oil: helps to balance, energise and relieve stress. Made without:Parabens.Pair it with:Frank Body Anti Drama Face MaskMECCA MAX FOAM-O Gentle Gel CleanserThis Works Deep Pillow SprayDirect from the brand: ""#letsbefrank, beauty sleep is the best beauty hack. The magnesium and epsom salts in the product soothe tired muscles and the lavender oil makes for an unwinding tub experience."" - Jess Hatzis, Co-Founder";taxable;1;0;0;1;$18.95;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-IN-YOUR-DREAMS-SCRUB.jpg;0
98;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;A hydrating, mess-free glide on body oil that provides instant hydration perfect for on-the-go. Enriched with avocado and rosehip oils to nourish and soothe, plus shea and cocoa butters that deliver lasting hydration. Key ingredients:Avocado oil: helps skin maintain moisture.Rosehip oil: tackles marks and scars.Guarana: like an energy bar for your skin.Davidson plum: high in antioxidants to help reduce environmental stressors.Shea & cocoa butter: deeply nourishing and hydrating.Made without:Gluten, parabens and sulphates.Pair it with:Frank Body Coconut Coffee ScrubFrank Body Booty Drops Firming Body Oil;taxable;1;0;0;1;$16.95;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-Glide-N-Go-Body-Oil-Stick.jpg;0
86;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;Clean and soften skin with this fragrant body wash, formulated with natural ingredients and safe synthetics that remove sweat and cleanse skin without foaming or stripping. The blend includes antioxidant-rich Kakadu plum, pomegranate and energising coffee seed extract to ensure skin is hydrated, nourished and fresh. Key ingredients:Kakadu plum: softens and soothes skinPomegranate extract: cleans and clears skinCoffee seed extract: energises skinMade without:Parabens, sulphates, alcohol, animal products and testing.Pair it with:Frank Body Clean Deodorant Good DecisionsFrank Body Perky Sculpting Body HydratorMECCA MAX FOAM-O Gentle Gel Cleanser  ;taxable;1;0;0;1;$12.95;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-Everyday-Body-Wash-Sunday-Brunch.jpg;0
78;simple;Sol de Janeiro;1;1;visible;Buff away dead skin cells to reveal fresh, radiant skin all over your body with the latest addition to the cult-followed Bum Bum range. Free from harmful microbeads, the scrub exfoliates with sugar crystals to improve circulation and increase firmness, reducing the appearance of wrinkles and cellulite. This is bolstered by energizing guarana that boosts blood flow and cupuaçu seeds that hydrate and keep the skin bouncy for your healthiest, youngest looking skin yet. Plus, it smells like salted caramel, vanilla and pistachio – a sensory treat.Key ingredients:Cupuaçu seeds: deeply moisturises the skin and improves its elasticity.Guaraná: improves circulation to firm up the skin and fade wrinkles.Sugar crystals: exfoliates dead skin cells to reveal fresh, glowing skin while improving circulation.Made without:Animal products, gluten, sulfates and parabens.Pair it with:Sol de Janeiro Brazilian Bum Bum CreamSol de Janeiro Brazilian 4 Play Moisturizing Shower Cream-GelSol de Janeiro Copacabana Bronze Glow Oil;taxable;1;0;0;1;$60.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Sol-de-Janeiro-BUM-BUM-BODY-SCRUB.jpg;0
102;simple;Soap & Glory;1;1;visible;An award winning deeply hydrating body moisturiser to instantly relieve dryness. Paired with shea butter and hydrating aloe vera, skin has never been so soft.  Key ingredients:Aloe vera: Aloe vera possesses water-binding, antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and anti-bacterial properties. A succulent plant, it draws oxygen to the skin, locking in moisture and encouraging wound healing. Shea butter: shea butter is a rich source of vitamins A, D and E, as well as a host of antioxidants. A naturally rich emollient, this butter helps skin retain its moisture, keeping it hydrated and nourished.Made without:Alcohol Free.Pair it with:Mecca Cosmetica Nourishing Cleansing OilSoap and Glory The Breakfast ScrubMECCA MAX ALL DAY EVERY DAY Oil-Free Moisturiser;taxable;1;0;0;1;$5.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Soap-Glory-The-Righteous-Butter-Body-Butter.jpg;0
100;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;"Firm and smooth limbs, body and booty with this caffeine-fuelled body oil. With continued use skin appears more toned, smoothed and heavenly hydrated.Key Ingredients:Caffeine: firms skin and encourages collagen production, helping to create a more toned-looking skin.Grapeseed oil: hydrates for supple skin, reducing the appearance of lumps, bumps and marks on the surface of the skin.Made without:Animal products, parabens, synthetic ingredients and PEGs.Pair it with:Frank Body Original Coffee ScrubFrank Body In Your Dreams Sleep Scrub and SoakMECCA MAX FOAM-O Gentle Gel Cleanser";taxable;1;0;0;1;$17.95;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-BOOTY-DROPS-30ML.jpg;0
78;simple;Soap & Glory;1;1;visible;A non-greasy hand cream formulated with hydrating shea butter, macadamia oil and marshmallow. The lightweight formula soothes and smooths dry, chapped hands leaving them soft and hydrated. Key ingredients:Shea butter: deeply hydrates and nourishes the skin.Macadamia oil: hydrates, regenerates and softens the skin. Marshmallow: softens skin. Pair it with:Soap & Glory Heel Genius Foot CreamSoap & Glory Sugar Crush Body ScrubSoap & Glory Smoothie Star Body Buttercream;taxable;1;0;0;1;$5.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Soap-Glory-Hand-Food-mini.jpg;0
106;simple;Soap & Glory;1;1;visible;A creamy shower gel scented with zesty mandarin for a truly satisfying shower experience. The formula works into a gentle lather and leaves you feeling cleansed and refreshed after each use. *100 washed per bottle.Made without:Animal products.Pair it with:Soap & Glory Flake Away - Spa Body PolishSoap & Glory The Righteous ButterSoap & Glory The Righteous Butter Lotion;taxable;1;0;0;1;$12.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Soap-Glory-CLEAN-ON-ME-N.jpg;0
108;simple;Soap & Glory;1;1;visible;Scrub, scrub me do: Pull your gloves on, add shower gel and massage in circular movements to stimulate and resurface your skin.Pair it with:Soap and Glory Clean On MeMecca Cosmetica Luxe body butterSoap and Glory The Righteous Butter;taxable;1;0;0;1;$8.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Soap-Glory-Scrub-Gloves.jpg;0
79;simple;Gem;1;1;visible;A high-performing tooth whitening pen formulated with coconut, mint and food-grade hydrogen peroxide to whiten teeth gently and naturally.Pair it with:Gem Crisp Mint Natural ToothpasteGem Crisp Mint, Natural MouthwashGem Gem Coconut Mint Floss ;taxable;1;0;0;1;$19.95;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Gem-Gem-Whitening-Pen.jpg;0
97;simple;Drunk Elephant;1;1;visible;"Drunk Elephant is exclusive to MECCAWith a skin friendly pH of 4.2, this body lotion helps to restore dull, dry and irritable skin to a more healthier and balanced state. Its clever formula contains a blend of nourishing plant oils, butters and an amino acid blend that works to strengthen, soothe and feed the skin the moisture it deserves.  Key ingredients:Marula butter: rich in antioxidant polyphenols, lipids and fatty acids, that deeply moisturizes skin.Coconut oil: a rich source of fatty acids to deeply moisturise the skin.  Sacha inchi seed oil: moisturises and soothes irritated skin.Spondias mombin pulp extract: rich source of antioxidants that fight free radicals and offer anti-inflammatory benefits. 5-ceramide blend: Helps soothe and maintain the moisture balance of skin while protecting against water loss. Squalane: plant-derived (from olives) acts as both a moisturizing agent and natural antioxidant that soothes and prevents water loss from the surface of the skin without a greasy feel.Made without:Sulfates, silicones, essential oils, fragrance, dyes and drying alcohols.Pair it with: Drunk Elephant Kamili™ Cream Body CleanserDrunk Elephant Sweet Pitti Deodorant CreamDrunk Elephant Lala Retro™ Whipped CreamFrom the shop floor:""I really love the soft, silky finish this lotion leaves on your skin! The marula butter absorbs straight into the skin with no residue, and still feels deeply nourishing.” - Jules, in store trainer at MECCA Robina";taxable;1;0;0;1;$28.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Drunk-Elephant-SILI-BODY-LOTION.jpg;0
83;simple;Mecca Cosmetica;1;1;visible;Created to elevate the everyday experience, Mecca Cosmetica’s Nourishing Hand Cream combines high performance with luxurious indulgence. This fast absorbing vegan formulation is enriched with a unique blend of hydrating and healing ingredients including Avocado Oil and Hyaluronic Acid, and delicately scented with sensuous woody notes of clove, juniper berries, tobacco leaves and oud. Hands will be left feeling smoother, softer and perfectly perfumed.Key ingredients: Avocado oil: this multi-tasking antioxidant rich superfood has an abundance of skin benefits such as replenishing moisture, smoothing and nourishing your skin. It also possess bactericidal and soothing propertises that make it suitable for those prone to sensitivity.  Hyaluronic acid: retains up to 1000 times it's own weight in water. Naturally occuring in the body, Hyaluronic Acid will work to mositurise skin, reduce inflammation, prevent water loss and boost skin's elasticity. Made without:Animal products, parabens, pegs, sulfates (sls/ sles), gmos, mineral oil, synthetic colours, phthalates, bha and bht, triclosan, silicone d4, d5 and d6, gluten, alcohol and talc.Pair it with:Mecca Cosmetica Nourishing Hand WashMecca Cosmetica Luxe Body ButterMecca Cosmetica Elixir Body Oil Mecca-ssentials Rinse-Free Hand Cleansing GelTo ensure your beauty empties don’t end up in landfill, MECCA has partnered with TerraCycle, the global leaders in recycling the unrecyclable. Rather than throwing away your already-loved Mecca Cosmetica bottles, pots and tubes, TerraCycle’s recycling program lets us send back your beauty waste, ready to be sorted, processed, and transformed into something new (and just as beautiful). Next time you have squeezed as much as you can out of your favourite Mecca Cosmetica product, give your local MECCA store a visit and pop your clean empties into a labelled bin, or pass them on to a team member at the registers—they’ll take care of the rest. For a full list of what can and can’t be recycled read here.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$40.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Mecca-Cosmetica-Nourishing-Hand-Cream-400ml.jpg;0
82;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;Test drive Frank Body’s iconic coffee scrub flavours for silky, smooth skin after every wash. The Scrub Squad Kit includes the Original Coffee Scrub, Coconut Coffee Scrub, Peppermint Coffee Scrub, and Cacao Coffee Scrub, each designed to exfoliate and wake up skin while adding a delicious note to your shower routine. The hardest part? Deciding which scrub to open first. Kit includes:Original Coffee Scrub 100gCoconut Coffee Scrub 100g Peppermint Coffee Scrub 100g Cacao Coffee Scrub 100g Made without:Parabens, sulphates, alcohol, gluten, animal products and testing. Pair it with:Frank Body Perky Sculpting Body HydratorFrank Body Booty Drops Firming Body OilFrank Body Original Coffee Scrub;taxable;1;0;0;1;$39.95;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-Scrub-Squad-Kit.jpg;0
100;simple;GOOP;1;1;visible;For intensive exfoliation that leaves skin feeling baby-smooth and invigorated, reach for this dry body brush right before you shower. Dry brushing is an essential and energising skin-detox step that encourages circulation and will wake you up. Made from pure, natural sisal, this brush exfoliates lightly and sweeps away dead skin to reveal a glowing and soft body.Looking for Goop in store? Find out which stores stock Goop here.Made without:Parabens, petroleum, phthalates, SLS, SLES, PEGs, TEA, DEA, silicones, artificial dyes, fragrances or animal testing.Pair it with:GOOP G.TOX 5 Salt Body ScrubGOOP GOOPGENES All-In-One Nourishing Face CreamGOOP GOOPGLOW Body Luminizer ;taxable;1;0;0;1;$28.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/GOOP-G.Tox-Ultimate-Dry-Brush.jpg;0
89;simple;Soap & Glory;1;1;visible;A vegan and gentle nourishing body wash that not only leaves your skin refreshed and cleansed, it leaves you delicately fragranced with notes of tropical fruits and hibiscus. Made without:Animal products. Pair it with:Soap & Glory Call of Fruity Summer Scrubbin' Cooling Body ScrubSoap & Glory Call of Fruity No Woman No Dry Hydrating Body Butter;taxable;1;0;0;1;$13.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Soap-Glory-CALL-OF-FRUITY-BODY-WASH-N.jpg;0
97;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;"A creamy, whipped take on the classic Original Coffee Scrub; formulated for no-mess body scrubbing. Buffs away dry, dulling dead skin cells without covering the shower in gritty coffee bits. Use on dry skin for an ultra-intense scrub or on wet skin for a slightly more mild exfoliation.Key ingredients:Coffee: exfoliates and invigoratesGrapeseed oil: brightens, smoothes and nourishesWhite clay: cleanses, exfoliates and detoxifies Made without:Parabens, phthalatesPair it with:Frank Body Caffeinated Scalp ScrubFrank Body In Your Dreams Sleep Scrub and SoakFrank Body Lip Tint";taxable;1;0;0;1;$19.95;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-Express-O-Scrub.jpg;0
84;simple;Luna Bronze;1;1;visible;A natural and organic tanning moisturiser designed for everyday use. Containing a blend of ultra-nourishing and hydrating oils to replenish your skin whilst building a natural, even tan.Key ingredients:Vitamins A, B & E: fight signs of ageing and improve the skin's tone and texture.Coconut, rose hip and jojoba oil: provide deep hydration. Caffeine: stimulates circulation, boosts energy and smooths skin. Made without:Animal productsPair it with:Luna Bronze Total Eclipse - Express Tanning MousseLuna Bronze Illume Tanning MistDirect from the brand: It doesn’t smell like fake tan! Think more of a day spa experience thanks to our unique natural essential oil blend of lemon myrtle, orange blossom and mandarin. - Madeleine Balderson and Rhiannon Hall, Founders;taxable;1;0;0;1;$28.95;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Luna-Bronze-GLOW-GRADUAL-TANNING-LOTION.jpg;0
89;simple;Kosas;1;1;visible;"A deodorant powered by skincare ingredients; this revolutionary formula uses AHAs to create a pH environment unliveable for the types of bacteria that cause odour, keeping your underarms fresh all day. Available in both Serene Clean (gently scented) and a Fragrance Free formula. The gentle exfoliating properties from shikmic, mandelic and lactic acids fade the discolouration that occurs in the underarms, leaving them brighter and firmer. Plus, the formula is bound by hyaluronic acid to ensure that your skin is hydrated and plumped when applying.Clinical results:In a consumer study with 33 subjects after 1 use of Chemistry:- 97% of consumers said the product made them feel fresh- 94% of consumers said their body odor was neutralized- 92% of consumers said the product lasted through workoutsKey ingredients:Shikmic acid: derived from star anise to fight odour.Mandelic acid: accelerates cell turnover to fade discolouration.Lactic acid: gently exfoliates and clarifies to reveal brighter, younger looking skin while also sealing in moisture.Pure aloe vera juice: soothes irritation and redness while hydrating and fighting bacteria.Hyaluronic acid: holds almost 1000 times its own weight in water, instantly plumping the skin with moisture.Aloe vera juice: a powerful moisturizer to soothe and calm skin.Made without:Serene CleanAnimal products, alcohol, gluten, mineral oil, aluminium, baking soda, parabens, and sulfates.Fragrance FreeAnimal products, fragrance, alcohol, gluten, mineral oil, aluminium, baking soda, parabens, and sulfates.Pair it with:Kosas Kosasport LipFuel Hyaluronic Lip BalmMecca Cosmetica To Save Body SPF50 SuperscreenDrunk Elephant Kamili™ Cream Body Cleanser";taxable;1;0;0;1;$21.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Kosas-CHEMISTRY-CLEAN-SCENT-DEODERAN.jpg;0
85;simple;Glow Recipe;1;1;visible;Lather your skin in this nourishing body cream inspired by the same ingredients used in Glow Recipes face treatments. Infused with AHAs, vitamin-rich watermelon seed butter, hyaluronic acid and antioxidants that leave your skin smooth, nourished and soft, plus it leaves your body deliciously watermelon scented. Key ingredients:Watermelon seed butter: a moisturizing, nutrient-rich butter that creates lightweight, creamy texture.Hibiscus AHA: natural alternative to chemical exfoliant that gently yet effectively smooths skin.Hyaluronic acid: this multi-weight holy grail hydrator instantly quenches thirsty skin. Made without:Animal products, parabens, mineral oil, sulphates, silicones, phthalates, drying alcohols and synthetic dyes.Pair it with:Glow Recipe Watermelon Glow Sleeping MaskGlow Recipe Watermelon Glow PHA+BHA Pore-Tight TonerGlow Recipe Watermelon Dew Drops;taxable;1;0;0;1;$40.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Glow-Recipe-Watermelon-Glow-Pink-Dream-Body-Cream.jpg;0
109;simple;Bangn Body;1;1;visible;The face and body lotion with a cult Instagram following now has an added boost of illumination. This multi-purpose Firming Lotion has been designed for use on both the face and body. It’s lightweight, creamy yet fast absorbing and will leave skin feeling hydrated and nourished. Formulated with essential vitamins, antioxidants and anti-inflammatory properties that work together to help reduce the appearance of cellulite, stretch marks and scarring.Key ingredients:Aloe vera leaf oil: soothes irritation and redness while fighting bacteria.Avocado oil: soothes irritation and moisturises dry, damaged skin.Green coffee bean extract: increases circulation and collagen production to firm skin and fade textural imperfections.Jojoba seed oil: deeply moisturises and infuses skin with vitamins.Pineapple fruit extracts: soothes inflammation and gently exfoliates for glowing skin.Sunflower oil: helps the skin retain moisture for lasting hydration and repairs skin damage.Virgin coconut oil: deeply moisturises without clogging pores.Made without:Animal products, sulfates and parabens.Pair it with:Bangn Body Smooth Skin ScrubBangn Body Lip & Eye Beauty Balm;taxable;1;0;0;1;$56.00;hair;hair;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Bangn-Body-Illuminating-Firming-Lotion.jpg;0
131;simple;BYREDO;1;1;visible;Young Rose presents an ode to the perennial restlessness of youth. The eau de parfum opens with top notes of fiery sichuan pepper and ambrette seeds before unfolding into a heart of damascena rose and orris and leaves a base of musk and ambroxan on the skin. Fragrance notes:Sichuan pepper, ambrette seeds, damascena rose, orris, musk, ambroxan.Pair it with:BYREDO Burning Rose CandleBYREDO Rose Hand WashBYREDO Rose Hand Cream;taxable;1;0;0;1;$320.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/BYREDO-Young-Rose-EDP.jpg;0
123;simple;MAISON MARGIELA;1;1;visible;Autumn Vibes evokes the memory of escaping and being at one with nature. Inspired by the underwood and sounds of colorful leaves and acorns crisping beneath heavy footsteps. A combination of pink peppercorn, cardamom, cedarwood and moss recreate the atmosphere of walking through a forest in autumn. Fragrance notes:Pink Peppercorns essence, Cardamom essence, Coriander essence, Cedarwood essence, Moss accord, Fir Balsam absolute, Labdanum resinoïd.Pair it with:MAISON MARGIELA Under The Lemon TreeMAISON MARGIELA Springtime In A Park EDTMAISON MARGIELA Flower Market EDT;taxable;1;0;0;1;$185.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/MAISON-MARGIELA-Autumn-Vibes-EDT-100ml.jpg;0
130;simple;Floral Street;1;1;visible;British fragrance house Floral Street has collaborated with the Van Gogh Museum to create a scent inspired by the later Dutch painter. Choosing the painter’s iconic ‘Sunflowers’ (1889), the yellow-tipped sunflowers from the brush of Van Gogh inspire this bright blend of crisp amber plum blossom and orris, with a burst of bergamot and fresh mandarin. A true masterpiece in a bottle.Fragrance notes:Bergamot, mandarin, passionfruit, plum blossom, bellini accord, blue orris, honey accord, crystalized musk, crisp amber.Made without:Parabens, gluten, animal products.Pair it with:Floral Street Mini Discovery Set - LightFloral Street Spring Bouquet DiffuserFloral Street Vanilla Orchid Body Wash  ;taxable;1;0;0;1;$111.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Floral-Street-Sunflower-Pop-EDP-50ml.jpg;0
123;simple;Editions de Parfums By Frédéric Malle;1;1;visible;A mysterious and provocative eau de parfum inspired by cult perfumes of the 1970's. Synthetic Jungle is a green and floral scent that features notes of opulent basil, lily of the valley, natural jasmine, ylang ylang oil and the addition of synthetic black currant to modernises the scent.Fragrance notes:Basil, lily of the valley, jasmine, patchouli.Pair it with:Editions de Parfums By Frédéric Malle Portrait of a Lady EDPEditions de Parfums By Frédéric Malle Perfume Gun Jurassic Flower;taxable;1;0;0;1;$394.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Editions-de-Parfums-By-Frederic-Malle-Synthetic-Jungle-EDP-100ML.jpg;0
136;simple;Jo Malone London;1;1;visible;Spray onto pulse points as desired.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$212.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Jo-Malone-London-English-Pear-Freesia-Cologne-Decorated-100Ml-100ml.jpg;0
111;simple;D.S. & DURGA;1;1;visible;D.S. & Durga pay homage to the famous Caribbean colognes of sailors and lovers of the sea with this scent. Notes of Haitian vetyver, cane plant and spiced rhum collide with fresh island grass and tropical citrus to create a scent that conjures cocktails by the sea and sun baked skin.  Fragrance Notes:Sour orange, pink pepper, sea grass, cane, clove leaf, toquilla straw, vetyver, breadnut, rhum agricole Pair it with:D.S. & DURGA Big Sur After Rain Auto FragranceD.S. & DURGA Debaser EDPD.S. & DURGA Concrete After Lightning;taxable;1;0;0;1;$249.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/D.S.-DURGA-St.-Vetyver-EDP.jpg;0
121;simple;Maison Francis Kurkdjian;1;1;visible;Created as a celebration of the 250th anniversary of French crystal house Baccarat, this fragrance was inspired by the signature ruby crystal used in their iconic chandeliers. This romantic-feeling scent opens with the ethereal notes of jasmine and saffron, before softening into a woodier blend of amber accord and cedar. The fragrance is longwearing and has strong sillage. Notes to know:Jasmine, saffron, cedar wood and ambergris.Made without:ParabensPair it with:Maison Francis Kurkdjian Baccarat Rouge Body Oil Maison Francis Kurkdjian Baccarat Rouge Hair Mist Maison Francis Kurkdjian Baccarat Rouge 540 Candle From the shop floor:“A Baccarat Chandelier is known for its signature scarlet red crystal, which must be heated at 540 degrees Celsius to achieve its vibrant colour. To celebrate this transformative process, Kurkdijan has named and packaged this fragrance to match.” – Holly, fragrance specialist at MECCA Bondi Want to know more about this cult favourite scent? Read the story behind it here.Corporate gifting note:Individual items will not be wrapped. If you would like this product gift wrapped, or for orders over $2000, please contact our Customer Service team.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$368.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Maison-Francis-Kurkdjian-Baccarat-Rouge-540-EDP.jpg;0
120;simple;Tom Ford;1;1;visible;On clean skin, spray once or twice on desired areas. Do not rub the fragrance on skin as this will alter how the fragrance develops.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$485.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Tom-Ford-Fucking-Fabulous-EDP-50ML.jpg;0
118;simple;Maison Francis Kurkdjian;1;1;visible; Recalling the scent of the rarest and most decadent oud wood, this opulent oriental fragrance envelops the wearer in a warm, comforting cocoon of natural oud, rose, benzoin, violet and vanilla. Shimmering, voluptuous and sure to turn heads.Fragrance notes:Oud, rose, benzoin, violet and vanilla.Pair it with:Maison Francis Kurkdjian OudMaison Francis Kurkdjian Oud Silk MoodEditions de Parfums By Frédéric Malle Portrait Of A Lady Body Butter;taxable;1;0;0;1;$351.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Maison-Francis-Kurkdjian-OUD-SATIN-MOOD.jpg;0
138;simple;Sol de Janeiro;1;1;visible;A rich yet fast absorbing body cream with an addictive vanilla-pistachio scent. Loaded with caffeine and antioxidants, this cream will nourish, firm and impart a natural glow to the skin.Want to know more? Chat to our in-store teamfor personalised application advice now.Key ingredients:Guarana: with five times the caffeine of coffee, guarana will stimulate circulation, boost energy and smooth skin. Capuacu butter: high in fatty-acids, this butter will lock in moisture and restore skin elasticity. Coconut oil: softens, conditions and nourishes skin. Made without:Animal products, gluten, soy, parabens, artificial colours, phthalates, sulphates, talc, mineral oil, microbeads and PEG’s.Pair it with:Sol de Janeiro Brazilian Crush Body Fragrance Mist Isle of Paradise Self-Tanning DropsSol de Janeiro Cheirosa '62 CandleFrom the shop floor:“After exfoliation, Bum Bum cream is perfect for prepping the skin for false tan.” – Lucy, retail skincare manager Awards:Voted “Best for Body” by you in the MECCA Beauty Election 2020.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$64.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Sol-de-Janerio-BRAZILIAN-BUM-BUM-240ML.jpg;0
123;simple;Sol de Janeiro;1;1;visible;Get yourself lost in the summery, sultry beaches of Brazil with this addictive body mist. The finishing touch you need to complete any look. Fragrance notes:Top notes of pistachio and almond.Mid notes of heliotrope, jasmine petals.Base notes of vanilla, salted caramel, sandalwood.Made without:Animal products, cruelty-free, gluten-free, soy-free, paraben-free, artificial colorant, 5-free, 3-free, phthalates, parabens, PEGs, talc, sulphate, mineral oil, nuts, microbeads.Pair it with:Sol De Janeiro Brazilian Bum Bum CreamSol De Janeiro Brazilian Bod Buff Smoothing Scrub 'N MaskSol De Janeiro Copacabana Bronze Glow Oil;taxable;1;0;0;1;$46.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Sol-de-Janerio-BRAZILIAN-CRUSH-MIST-240ML.jpg;0
139;simple;Le Labo;1;1;visible;An intoxicating unisex fragrance that blends wood, spices and leather. Warm, musky and addictive, Le Labo’s cult scent encapsulates the rugged fantasy of the American West. Fragrance notes:Australian sandalwood, cedarwood, leather, cardamon, iris, and musk.Made without:Animal products. Paraben and sulphate freePair it with:Le Labo Santal 33 Liquid Balm Le Labo Santal 33 Body Lotion Le Labo Santal 26 CandleFrom the shop floor:“Just a warning, this will become your new favourite fragrance. It’s an iconic scent that is confident and addictive.” – Holly, Fragrance Specialist at MECCA Bondi.Corporate gifting note:Individual items will not be wrapped. If you would like this product gift wrapped, or for orders over $2000, please contact our Customer Service team.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$406.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Le-Labo-Santal-33-100ml.jpg;0
115;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;An exfoliating body lotion packed with glycolic and lactic acids to keep skin smooth, plus nourishing mango seed butter that soothes and hydrates, for a glowing complexion all year round. Key ingredients:Glycolic & lactic acid: chemical exfoliants that gobble up dead skin. Mango seed butter: a rich moisturiser that can soothe dry, irritated skin.Vitamins C and A: for a glowing complexion.Made without:Parabens and sulphates.Pair it with:Frank Body Booty Drops Firming Body OilFrank Body Brightening Vitamin C MaskFrank Body Original Coffee Scrub;taxable;1;0;0;1;$19.95;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-AHA-Body-Lotion.jpg;0
119;simple;Sol de Janeiro;1;1;visible;Think of this body cream as a glow-inducing treatment for every inch of you. Designed to reveal radiant and renewed skin from top to toe, this daily moisturiser is packed with Fruit AHAs to gently exfoliate and even skin tone while vitamin C leaves skin glowing. The exfoliating benefits of the cream makes it ideal for areas prone to ingrown hair (underarms, bikini line, legs, etc.) or the treatment of bumpy, rough spots on upper arms, thighs and bums.  Key ingredients:Fruit alpha hydroxy acids: exfoliating acids derived from mango and banana help promote cell turnover and an instant refresh.  Vitamin C ester: a fast-absorbing form of vitamin C that offers a time release delivery for a steady flow of free radical protection and skin-brightening benefits. Cajá: a vitamin and mineral-rich fruit brimming with vitamins A, B1, B2, C, calcium and iron that together support healthy skin function. Cupuaçu butter: brimming with fatty-acids, phytosterols, and polyphenols to lock in moisture and help support skin elasticity. Willow bark extract: derived from the bark of the willow tree, this soothing extract is known for its anti-inflammatory properties. Rich in salicin (the natural source for pore-clearing salicylic acid), salicin helps to keep pores and hair follicles clear and discourage ingrown hairs.  Made without:Gluten, parabens, animal products or testing. Pair it with:Sol de Janeiro Bum Bum Body ScrubSol de Janeiro Brazilian Bum Bum CreamSol de Janeiro Brazilian Crush Body Fragrance Mist;taxable;1;0;0;1;$64.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Sol-de-Janeiro-Bom-Dia-Bright-Cream-240ml.jpg;0
142;simple;Drunk Elephant;1;1;visible;Drunk Elephant calls on a dream-team blend of glycolic, tartaric, lactic, and citric alpha hydroxy acids for their T.L.C. Glycolic Body Lotion. The formula gently smooths and refines rough, bumpy skin while improving areas of uneven tone. A mix of antioxidant-loaded non-fragrant plant oils and butters—think green tea seed, passionfruit, apricot, marula, and shea—soothes and goes deep to moisturise dry, irritable skin, while squalane, vitamin F, sodium hyaluronate, and niacinamide work to create a stronger, healthier acid mantle. Powerful electrolytes (coconut fruit juice and sodium PCA) provide critical hydration and help defend against environmental stressors.    Key ingredients:T.L.C. Framboos™ AHA blend: glycolic plus tartaric (T), lactic (L), and citric (C) acids exfoliate built-up dead skin cells, resurfacing dull, uneven skin for a smoother, brighter, more even-looking complexion.Marula butter: a super-pure concentrated butter derived from marula oil, and rich in antioxidant polyphenols, lipids, and fatty acids, that deeply moisturises skin and provides powerful barrier protection. Shea butter: a concentrated butter derived from the shea fruit. Shea butter has a complex triglyceride composition that is responsible for its characteristic rich, emollient properties andskin-barrier protection. Green tea seed oil: this moisturising, fatty-acid-rich oil derived from the seeds of the green tea plant contains powerful antioxidant xanthines (like caffeine) and polyphenols (such as epigallocatechin gallate, epigallocatechin, and epicatechins), which play a critical role in defending skin against environmental—particularly UV-generated—free radical damage. Made without:Silicones, essential oils, fragrance, dyes, sulphates, phthalates, animal products and testing. Pair it with:Drunk Elephant Sili™ Body LotionDrunk Elephant Lippe Balm™Drunk Elephant Kamili™ Cream Body Cleanser;taxable;1;0;0;1;$36.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Drunk-Elephant-T.L.C.-Glycolic-Body-Lotion.jpg;0
111;simple;diptyque;1;1;visible;"One of the French fragrance house's most iconic scents, its name translates to berries, with the scent being made of a perfect blend of freshly picked blackcurrant berries and blooming roses. We recommend burning the Baies scent with the Roses Candle to transport you to a wild garden, where the berry notes within Baies combine with the floral, spicy scent of Roses to remind you of a warm summer's day. Candle Dimensions:190G – Width 7.5cm x Height 9cmFragrance notes:Blackcurrant leaves and rose. Pair it with:diptyque Roses Candlediptyque Baies Room Spraydiptyque Baies Hourglass DiffuserFrom the shop floor:""As I tell my customers: imagine being in a cottage in the country, preparing roses for an arrangement and cooking blackcurrant jam on the stove and gazing out to admire the view. This is about appreciating the simple, beautiful moments in life."""" - Holly, fragrance specialist at MECCA Bondi Corporate gifting note:Individual items will not be wrapped. If you would like this product gift wrapped, or for orders over $2000, please contact our Customer Service team.";taxable;1;0;0;1;$89.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Diptyque-Baies-Candle.jpg;0
140;simple;Bangn Body;1;1;visible;This multi-purpose Firming Lotion is designed to be used on both the face and body. It’s lightweight, creamy and fast absorbing. Antioxidants and essential vitamins work together to improve the overall appearance of skin, increasing circulation, blood flow and collagen production that helps to reduce the appearance of cellulite, stretch marks and scarring.Key ingredients:Aloe vera leaf oil: soothes irritation and redness while fighting bacteria.Avocado oil: soothes irritation and moisturises dry, damaged skin.Green coffee bean extract: increases circulation and collagen production to firm skin and fade textural imperfections.Jojoba seed oil: deeply moisturises and infuses skin with vitamins.Pineapple fruit extracts: soothes inflammation and gently exfoliates for glowing skin.Sunflower oil: helps the skin retain moisture for lasting hydration and repairs skin damage.Virgin coconut oil: deeply moisturises without clogging pores.Made without:Animal products, sulphates and parabens.Pair it with:Bangn Body Smooth Skin ScrubBangn Body Lip & Eye Beauty BalmBangn Body Illuminating Firming Lotion;taxable;1;0;0;1;$48.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Bangn-Body-Firming-Lotion.jpg;0
139;simple;MAISON MARGIELA;1;1;visible;Inspired by nights spent by a simmering fireplace, this warm and comforting scent combines notes of spicy pepper and clove oil with sweet chestnut and vanilla and smokey gaic wood oil. A few spritzes of this unisex fragrance will transport you straight to the mountains of Chamonix. Fragrance notes:Pink pepper, orange flower petals, clove oil, chestnut accord, gaïac wood oil, cade oil, vanilla accord, Peru balsam and cashmeran.Pair it with:Maison Margiela By The Fireplace CandleMaison Margiela Jazz Club Candle;taxable;1;0;0;1;$185.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/MAISON-MARGIELA-BY-THE-FIREPLACE-EDT-100ML.jpg;0
123;simple;Mario Badescu;1;1;visible;The ideal vegan body wash for all skin types, whether you have dull, dry skin or oily, troubled skin. Designed to leave skin feeling thoroughly clean and refreshed, this botanical body soap is formulated with an invigorating blend of fruit enzymes, ginseng and linden to revitalise skin with every shower. Key ingredients:Grapefruit extract: rich in antioxidants to transform dull, dehydrated skin.Ginseng: boosts circulation and synthesis of collagen.Linden: locks moisture into skin and delivers firming and tightening effects.Made without: Animal products and parabens. Pair it with:Kiehl’s Creme de Corps MoisturiserMecca Cosmetica Body Wonder Tinted Body MoisturiserLuna Bronze Radiant Self Tanning Lotion;taxable;1;0;0;1;$11.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Mario-Badescu-AHA-Botanical-Body-Soap.jpg;0
124;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;Meet Frank Body's In Shower Moisturiser, it's a practical way of nourishing your body when you shower. Designed to be used on wet skin, this moisturiser absorbs easily and without any sticky residue providing instant hydration. Key ingredients:Shea butter: contains lots of fatty acids and vitamins that aid in softening and moisturising the skin.Green tea extract: a rich source of antioxidants that can help reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles. Vitamin E: leaves the skin silky and hydrated.Made without:Parabens and sulphates.Pair it with:Frank Body A Clean Body Wash UnscentedFrank Body Clean Deodorant UnscentedFrank Body Original Coffee Scrub;taxable;1;0;0;1;$14.95;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-In-Shower-Moisturiser.jpg;0
129;simple;Mecca Cosmetica;1;1;visible;Supercharged with a skin-smoothing blend of 8% AHAs and PHA plus Siberian Ginseng, this advanced body wash gently exfoliates built-up layers of dead skin, unclogs pores and targets bumps and breakouts. Nourishing Starfruit and Rosemary Leaf extracts may help to soothe redness and diminish the appearance of irritation and dryness for visibly smoother, softer and glowing skin. Key ingredients:Siberian ginseng: improves blood circulation and optimises skin renewal and clarity for remarkably healthier looking skin and a refined texture. Glycolic acid: the holy grail for exfoliation, effectively removing the outermost layer of dead cells, revealing a brighter, more even skin tone.Starfruit extract: the rich presence of antioxidants along with vitamins B and C aid in hydrating and healing the skin, alleviating the discomforts of dryness and reducing the appearance of redness and irritation which in turn leads to glowing skin. Gluconolactone: a polyhydroxy acid (PHA), that offers all the benefits of AHAs but is far more gentle to the skin and is suitable for sensitive skin. Made without:Cruelty free, Parabens, PEG, sulphate, (SLS/SLES), GMO's, mineral oil, petrolatum, synthetic colours, phthalates, BHA, BHT, triclosan, silicone D4, D5, D6, gluten, alcohol and talc.Pair it with:Mecca Cosmetica Mecca Athletica Ultra-Firming Body LotionMecca Cosmetica Mecca Athletica Aluminium-Free DeodorantTo ensure your beauty empties don’t end up in landfill, MECCA has partnered with TerraCycle, the global leaders in recycling the unrecyclable. Rather than throwing away your already-loved Mecca Cosmetica bottles, pots and tubes, TerraCycle’s recycling program lets us send back your beauty waste, ready to be sorted, processed, and transformed into something new (and just as beautiful). Next time you have squeezed as much as you can out of your favourite Mecca Cosmetica product, give your local MECCA store a visit and pop your clean empties into a labelled bin, or pass them on to a team member at the registers—they’ll take care of the rest. For a full list of what can and can’t be recycled read here.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$38.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Mecca-Cosmetica-MECCA-ATH-AHA-BODY-WASH.jpg;0
129;simple;Sol de Janeiro;1;1;visible;Shower time will be a treat thanks to this addictive gel cream cleanser infused with Sol De Janeiro's signature scent of pistachio and salted caramel. This ultra luxe cleanser washes away impurities and leaves your skin looking and feeling touchably soft.Key ingredients:Cupuaçu butter: filled with essential fatty acids, that lock in moisture and restore skin's elasticity.  Coconut oil: ultra nourishing and healing, this skin loving oil melts into skin to soften, nourish and moisturise. Acai oil: an antioxidant rich superfood that keeps skin healthy, vibrant and youthful.  Made without:Gluten, sulphates, parabens, mineral oil and phthalates.Pair it with:Sol De Janeiro Brazilian Bum Bum CreamSol De Janeiro Samba Foot Fetish CareSol De Janeiro Brazilian Bod Buff Smoothing Scrub 'N Mask;taxable;1;0;0;1;$36.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Sol-de-Janeiro-BRAZILLIAN-4PLAY-SHOWER-GEL-NEW.jpg;0
142;simple;BYREDO;1;1;visible;Inspiring freedom and harmony, Gypsy Water was created as an ode to the beauty of the roaming Romani culture, its unique customs, intimate beliefs and distinguished way of living. The scent wakens a dream of a colourful lifestyle made of innate nomadism. This alluring fragrance blends the woody notes of sandalwood and amber with fresh lemon and juniper berry.Fragrance notes:Juniper berries, incense, amber, vanilla, pine needle and sandalwood.Made without:Parabens.Pair it with:BYREDO Roll On Oil Gypsy WaterBYREDO Gypsy Water Body Lotion BYREDO Gypsy Water Body Wash From the shop floor:“This fragrance is easy to wear and will invoke a sense of warmth, familiarity and comfort.” - Holly, Fragrance Specialist at MECCA Bondi. ;taxable;1;0;0;1;$320.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Byredo-Parfums-Gypsy-Water-EDP-100ml.jpg;0
123;simple;MAISON MARGIELA;1;1;visible;Inspired by the pure joy of waking up in freshly washed, crumpled sheets with the sun on your skin. This fragrance incorporates delicate notes of lily of the valley and iris with fresh pear and orange flower.  The result is a clean, fresh and comforting scent. Fragrance notes:Lily of the valley, white musks, iris and ambrette seeds.Made without:ParabensPair it with:Maison Margiela Sunday Morning CandleMaison Margiela Sailing Day EDTMaison Margiela Beach Walk EDTFrom the shop floor:“This is a minimalist scent that remains close to the body for those who want something fresh and simple.” – Holly, fragrance specialist at MECCA Bondi ;taxable;1;0;0;1;$185.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/MAISON-MARGIELA-LAZY-SUN-MORNING-EDT-100ML.jpg;0
141;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;Clean and soften skin with this fragrant body wash, formulated with natural ingredients and safe synthetics that remove sweat and cleanse skin without foaming or stripping. The blend includes antioxidant-rich Kakadu plum, pomegranate and energising coffee seed extract to ensure skin is hydrated, nourished and fresh. Key ingredients:Kakadu plum: softens and soothes skinPomegranate extract: cleans and clears skinCoffee seed extract: energises skinMade without:Parabens, sulphates, alcohol, animal products and testing.Pair it with:Frank Body Clean Deodorant Good DecisionsFrank Body Perky Sculpting Body HydratorMECCA MAX FOAM-O Gentle Gel Cleanser  ;taxable;1;0;0;1;$12.95;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-Everyday-Body-Wash-Sunday-Brunch.jpg;0
130;simple;Soap & Glory;1;1;visible;A non-greasy hand cream formulated with hydrating shea butter, macadamia oil and marshmallow. The lightweight formula soothes and smooths dry, chapped hands leaving them soft and hydrated. Key ingredients:Shea butter: deeply hydrates and nourishes the skin.Macadamia oil: hydrates, regenerates and softens the skin. Marshmallow: softens skin. Pair it with:Soap & Glory Heel Genius Foot CreamSoap & Glory Sugar Crush Body ScrubSoap & Glory Smoothie Star Body Buttercream;taxable;1;0;0;1;$5.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Soap-Glory-Hand-Food-mini.jpg;0
122;simple;Sol de Janeiro;1;1;visible;Sol de Janeiro created this intoxicating fragrance experience for those who already love the Brazilian Bum Bum Cream scent. SOL Cheirosa ’62 celebrates the scent of summer, the warmth of sun on skin and the golden light of Rio.Fragrance notes:Salted caramel, pistachio, jasmine petals, and vanilla.Pair it with:Sol de Janeiro Brazilian Bum Bum CreamSol de Janeiro Brazilian 4Play Moisturizing Shower Gel Cream;taxable;1;0;0;1;$111.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Sol-de-Janeiro-CHEIROSE-62-EDP.jpg;0
129;simple;Soap & Glory;1;1;visible;A creamy shower gel scented with zesty mandarin for a truly satisfying shower experience. The formula works into a gentle lather and leaves you feeling cleansed and refreshed after each use. *100 washed per bottle.Made without:Animal products.Pair it with:Soap & Glory Flake Away - Spa Body PolishSoap & Glory The Righteous ButterSoap & Glory The Righteous Butter Lotion;taxable;1;0;0;1;$12.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Soap-Glory-CLEAN-ON-ME-N.jpg;0
134;simple;Sol de Janeiro;1;1;visible;A vegan, rich and sultry deliciously scented hair and body mist. Cheirosa '40 features notes of black amber plum, crème de cassis, warm vanilla woods, fresh jasmine blooms and musk. Spritz this over your hair and body for a warm, soft scent. This product comes in recyclable packaging. Fragrance notes:Black amber plum, crème de cassis, warm vanilla woods, fresh jasmine blooms and musk.Made without:Sulphates SLS and SLES, parabens, formaldehydes, formaldehyde-releasing agents, phthalates, mineral oil, retinyl palmitate, oxybenzone, coal tar, hydroquinone, triclosan, and triclocarban.Pair it with:Sol de Janeiro Bom Dia Bright CreamSol de Janeiro Bum Bum Body ScrubSol de Janeiro Brazilian Crush Body Fragrance Mist;taxable;1;0;0;1;$27.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Sol-de-Janeiro-Cheirosa40-Hair-&-Body-Fragrance.jpg;0
128;simple;This Works;1;1;visible;Want in on one of the best beauty secrets? Get set for your best sleep yet with this stress-relieving pillow spray and wake up fresh-faced. Feel the stresses of the day melt away with a few spritzes of this aromatic spray on your pillow. Formulated with 100% natural essential oils of lavender, vetiver and wild chamomile to relieve tension, settle nerves and calm the body and mind, promoting a better sleep.Key ingredients:Lavender: aids stress and anxiety by soothing the senses.Chamomile: soothes tension and promotes a deeper sleep.Vetiver: calms insomnia, fatigue, anxiety and depression.Made without:Animal products, parabens, phthalates, sulphates and synthetic fragrance.Pair it with:This Works Deep Sleep Breathe InThis Works Deep Sleep Bath SoakThis Works Deep Sleep Night Oil;taxable;1;0;0;1;$40.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/This-Works-Deep-Sleep-Pillow-Spray.jpg;0
126;simple;Floral Street;1;1;visible;This sophisticated, fruity floral is made for the delicate, dreamy, radiant and thoughtful. Featuring a hero blend of peonies, this scent is sure to turn heads with the juxtaposition of cedarwood for a woody-balsamic warmth. A 20% oil concentration also means a super long-lasting scent.All Floral Street products are fully sustainable, from vegan and cruelty-free ingredients to recyclable packaging. Floral Street glass fragrance bottles are recyclable and housed in an industry-first pulp box that is reusable, recyclable or compostable. All paperboard in their packaging is also certified by the Forest Stewardship Council, and their partnership with World Land Trust means the company are Carbon Balanced and help protect critically threatened forests internationally.Fragrance notes:Sicilian lemon, pink berries, pink guava, violet, peony accord, raspberry flower, vanilla bean, pink cotton candy, cedarwood and vetiver.Made without:Animal products, parabens, sulphates and phthalates.Pair it with:Floral Street Wonderland Peony Body WashFloral Street Wonderland Peony Body CreamFloral Street Rose Provence Candle;taxable;1;0;0;1;$111.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Floral-Street-WONDERLAND-PEONY-EDP-50ML.jpg;0
116;simple;MAISON MARGIELA;1;1;visible;Jazz Club immortalises the masculine ambiance of a Brooklyn jazz club—think leather armchairs, heady cocktails and cigars. The intoxicating woody yet sweet scent cocktails pink pepper, rum absolute, tobacco leaf absolute and vanilla bean. Fragrance notes:Pink pepper, primofiore lemon, neroli oil, rum absolute, clary sage oil, java vetiver oil, tobacco leaf absolute, vanilla beam and styrax resin. Made without:Parabens Pair it with:MAISON MARGIELA Jazz Club Candle MAISON MARGIELA At the Barber's EDTMAISON MARGIELA By The Fireplace EDT;taxable;1;0;0;1;$185.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/MAISON-MARGIELA-JAZZ-CLUB-EDT-100ML.jpg;0
122;simple;Mecca Cosmetica;1;1;visible;Created to elevate the everyday experience, Mecca Cosmetica’s Nourishing Hand Cream combines high performance with luxurious indulgence. This fast absorbing vegan formulation is enriched with a unique blend of hydrating and healing ingredients including Avocado Oil and Hyaluronic Acid, and delicately scented with sensuous woody notes of clove, juniper berries, tobacco leaves and oud. Hands will be left feeling smoother, softer and perfectly perfumed.Key ingredients: Avocado oil: this multi-tasking antioxidant rich superfood has an abundance of skin benefits such as replenishing moisture, smoothing and nourishing your skin. It also possess bactericidal and soothing propertises that make it suitable for those prone to sensitivity.  Hyaluronic acid: retains up to 1000 times it's own weight in water. Naturally occuring in the body, Hyaluronic Acid will work to mositurise skin, reduce inflammation, prevent water loss and boost skin's elasticity. Made without:Animal products, parabens, pegs, sulfates (sls/ sles), gmos, mineral oil, synthetic colours, phthalates, bha and bht, triclosan, silicone d4, d5 and d6, gluten, alcohol and talc.Pair it with:Mecca Cosmetica Nourishing Hand WashMecca Cosmetica Luxe Body ButterMecca Cosmetica Elixir Body Oil Mecca-ssentials Rinse-Free Hand Cleansing GelTo ensure your beauty empties don’t end up in landfill, MECCA has partnered with TerraCycle, the global leaders in recycling the unrecyclable. Rather than throwing away your already-loved Mecca Cosmetica bottles, pots and tubes, TerraCycle’s recycling program lets us send back your beauty waste, ready to be sorted, processed, and transformed into something new (and just as beautiful). Next time you have squeezed as much as you can out of your favourite Mecca Cosmetica product, give your local MECCA store a visit and pop your clean empties into a labelled bin, or pass them on to a team member at the registers—they’ll take care of the rest. For a full list of what can and can’t be recycled read here.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$40.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Mecca-Cosmetica-Nourishing-Hand-Cream-400ml.jpg;0
124;simple;MAISON MARGIELA;1;1;visible;A pure, comforting scent that captures the carefree calmness and elation of a lazy summer's day spent by the beach. This fragrance blends notes of bergamot, pink pepper, coconut milk and lemon for a fresh, easy-to-wear scent.Fragrance notes:Bergamot, pink pepper, lemon, ylang ylang, transluzone, coconut milk, heliotrope, musk, cedarwood and benzoin.Pair it with:Maison Margiela Beach Walk Candle Maison Margiela Sailing Day EDTPlaya Endless Summer Spray;taxable;1;0;0;1;$185.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/MAISON-MARGIELA-BEACH-WALK-EDT-100ML.jpg;0
112;simple;BYREDO;1;1;visible;Take a walk on the wild side, with three signature scents from Byredo, each bringing to life an eclectic blend of notes. La Selection Nomade houses the iconic Byredo scents in travel-friendly eau de parfums. These spray vials are a handbag essential for fragrance refreshers throughout the day. Includes 3 x 12 ml vials in Bal d'Afrique, Blanche and Gypsy Water. Fragrance notes:Gypsy Water: bergamot, juniper berries, lemon, pepper, incense, orris, pine needle, amber, sandalwood, vanilla.Blanche: aldehyde, pink pepper, white rose, neroli, peony, violet, blonde woods, musk, sandalwood.Bal d'Afrique: African marigold, bergamot, bucchu, cyclamen, violet, Moroccan cedarwood, vetiver.Pair it with: Byredo Leather Travel CaseByredo Bal D'Afrique EDPByredo Blanche EDP;taxable;1;0;0;1;$144.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/BYREDO-EDP-BEST-SELLER-3X12-ML.jpg;0
130;simple;Floral Street;1;1;visible;A scent wardrobe featuring eight vegan and sustainable fragrances in sweet florals and evocative heady scents. Included in this collection: Wonderland Peony 1.5ml, Electric Rhubarb 1.5ml, Neon Rose 1.5ml, Arizona Bloom 1.5ml, Wild Vanilla Orchid 1.5ml, Chypre Sublime 1.5ml, Black Lotus 1.5ml and Ylang Ylang Espresso 1.5ml.Made without:Animal products, parabens, silicones, sulphates and phthalates. Pair it with:Floral Street Lipstick CandleFloral Street Wonderland Peony Body WashFloral Street Fireplace Candle;taxable;1;0;0;1;$28.00;fragrance;fragrance;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Floral-Street-Discovery-EDP-Set.jpg;0
147;simple;Mecca Cosmetica;1;1;visible;This fragrance-free, dermatologically tested body sunscreen has been designed with sensitive skin in mind. Combining calming ingredients - Aloe Vera, Chamomile and Vitamin E - with broad spectrum protection, this 4 hours water resistant sunscreen is ideal for use when outdoors or exercising.Key ingredients:Aloe Vera: known for possessing water-binding, antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and anti-bacterial properties, Aloe Vera helps to locks in moisture, reduce irritation and soothe sensitive, stressed out skin. Chamomile: this restorative, antioxidant-rich plant has long been used for its anti-inflammatory and soothing properties. Chamomile can be used to calm and relieve irritated skin.Vitamin E: naturally present in the skin but depleted with age and sun exposure, topical application can provide many benefits. Vitamin E strengthens the skin’s natural barrier to assist with skin hydration and reducing water loss, whilst aiding in free radical protection.Made without:Parabens, sulfates(SLS/SLES), GMO's, mineral oil, petrolatum, synthetic colouring, phthalates, triclosan, fragrance, gluten, talc.Pair it with:Mecca Cosmetica To Save Face SPF50+ Superscreen Oxybenzone Free FormulaMecca Cosmetica To Save Lips Superscreen Protective Lip Balm with SPF50+Mecca Cosmetica Hyaluronic Acid Hydration SerumMecca Cosmetica To Save Skin After Sun Mist;taxable;1;0;0;1;$36.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Mecca-Cosmetica-To-Save-Sensitive-Body-SPF50-Superscreen-200ml.jpg;0
169;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;An all-natural coffee scrub that prevents and removes dry skin whilst helping to fade stretch marks, reduce cellulite and breakouts. Instantly, skin will feel soft, smooth and hydrated. Key ingredients:Robusta coffee grinds: stimulates blood flow and promotes collagen production to reduce the appearance of stretch marks and cellulite.Cold pressed sweet almond oil: an antioxidant that leaves skin hydrated even after rinsing off. Vitamin E: protects skin from free radical damage and fades scarring. Made without:Animal products, parabens, synthetic ingredients and PEGs. Pair it with:MECCA MAX FOAM-O Gentle Gel CleanserFrank Body Lip Duo Original Sol de Janeiro Brazilian Bum Bum CreamFrom the shop floor:“This coffee scrub is everything you need from a scrub, and more! I love that it stimulates collagen, removes flaky skin, and moisturises all at the same time, revealing baby-smooth flawless skin. I recommend using this scrub as pre-tan prep to ensure your tan lasts longer.” - Meg, store host at Mecca Maxima Chermside;taxable;1;0;0;1;$18.95;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-Original-Coffee-Scrub-200g.jpg;0
145;simple;Isle Of Paradise;1;1;visible;A colour correcting tan that will leave you hydrated and nourished and never smelling of a fake tan. Offered in three colour correcting colours.              Chose peach for a light sun kissed glow, it is infused with OXY-glow Complex ™ to brighten skin, illuminated and reduces inflammation.Chose green for a medium golden tan. Infused with Super Balance Complex™ it reduces redness and inflammation skin. Chose Violet for a deep Bronze Tan HyperViolet™ Complex Neutralises orange, yellow and ash tones and brightens sallow tones. It increases clarity and brightens the skin. Key ingredients:Blend of coconut, chia seed and avocado oil: help maintain natural barrier function and condition skin to leave it deeply hydrated and nourished with boosted elasticityMade without:Animal products, sulphate, parabens, alcohol free, phthalates, mineral oils, petrolatum, gluten, GMO, toxinsPair it with:Bangn Body Illuminating Firming Lotion Isle Of Paradise Prep It Self Tan Priming Spray Elle Effect The Exfoliating Mitt;taxable;1;0;0;1;$40.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Isle-Of-Paradise-TANNING-MOUSSE-DARK-200ML.jpg;0
146;simple;Sol de Janeiro;1;1;visible;A rich yet fast absorbing body cream with an addictive vanilla-pistachio scent. Loaded with caffeine and antioxidants, this cream will nourish, firm and impart a natural glow to the skin.Want to know more? Chat to our in-store teamfor personalised application advice now.Key ingredients:Guarana: with five times the caffeine of coffee, guarana will stimulate circulation, boost energy and smooth skin. Capuacu butter: high in fatty-acids, this butter will lock in moisture and restore skin elasticity. Coconut oil: softens, conditions and nourishes skin. Made without:Animal products, gluten, soy, parabens, artificial colours, phthalates, sulphates, talc, mineral oil, microbeads and PEG’s.Pair it with:Sol de Janeiro Brazilian Crush Body Fragrance Mist Isle of Paradise Self-Tanning DropsSol de Janeiro Cheirosa '62 CandleFrom the shop floor:“After exfoliation, Bum Bum cream is perfect for prepping the skin for false tan.” – Lucy, retail skincare manager Awards:Voted “Best for Body” by you in the MECCA Beauty Election 2020.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$64.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Sol-de-Janerio-BRAZILIAN-BUM-BUM-240ML.jpg;0
157;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;An exfoliating body lotion packed with glycolic and lactic acids to keep skin smooth, plus nourishing mango seed butter that soothes and hydrates, for a glowing complexion all year round. Key ingredients:Glycolic & lactic acid: chemical exfoliants that gobble up dead skin. Mango seed butter: a rich moisturiser that can soothe dry, irritated skin.Vitamins C and A: for a glowing complexion.Made without:Parabens and sulphates.Pair it with:Frank Body Booty Drops Firming Body OilFrank Body Brightening Vitamin C MaskFrank Body Original Coffee Scrub;taxable;1;0;0;1;$19.95;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-AHA-Body-Lotion.jpg;0
158;simple;Sol de Janeiro;1;1;visible;Think of this body cream as a glow-inducing treatment for every inch of you. Designed to reveal radiant and renewed skin from top to toe, this daily moisturiser is packed with Fruit AHAs to gently exfoliate and even skin tone while vitamin C leaves skin glowing. The exfoliating benefits of the cream makes it ideal for areas prone to ingrown hair (underarms, bikini line, legs, etc.) or the treatment of bumpy, rough spots on upper arms, thighs and bums.  Key ingredients:Fruit alpha hydroxy acids: exfoliating acids derived from mango and banana help promote cell turnover and an instant refresh.  Vitamin C ester: a fast-absorbing form of vitamin C that offers a time release delivery for a steady flow of free radical protection and skin-brightening benefits. Cajá: a vitamin and mineral-rich fruit brimming with vitamins A, B1, B2, C, calcium and iron that together support healthy skin function. Cupuaçu butter: brimming with fatty-acids, phytosterols, and polyphenols to lock in moisture and help support skin elasticity. Willow bark extract: derived from the bark of the willow tree, this soothing extract is known for its anti-inflammatory properties. Rich in salicin (the natural source for pore-clearing salicylic acid), salicin helps to keep pores and hair follicles clear and discourage ingrown hairs.  Made without:Gluten, parabens, animal products or testing. Pair it with:Sol de Janeiro Bum Bum Body ScrubSol de Janeiro Brazilian Bum Bum CreamSol de Janeiro Brazilian Crush Body Fragrance Mist;taxable;1;0;0;1;$64.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Sol-de-Janeiro-Bom-Dia-Bright-Cream-240ml.jpg;0
170;simple;Isle Of Paradise;1;1;visible;Say hello to a year-round holiday glow with these handy self-tanning drops - just add them into your regular moisturiser! Delivering 12 shades of radiant tan, you control how deep the colour is dependent on how many drops you add to your moisturiser. Ideal for sensitive skin, these tan drops have been designed with non-sensitising, hypoallergenic ingredients and actives at the ideal pH level for skin. The Light shade contains Oxy-Glow™ complex for a brighter complexion, the Medium shade is formulated with Super Balance™ complex to calm the skin and reduce redness, and the Dark shade contains Hyper Violet™ complex to reduce orange tones and sallowness in the skin.You’ve chosen the self-tan and now you need to know how to nail the application—find out here.Key ingredients:Coconut Oil: to deeply hydrate and transport other nutrients into the skin, for a tan that lasts longer!Chia Seed Oil: reduces inflammation and hydrates skin.Avocado Oil: replenishes moisture, soothes and nourishes for supple, hydrated skin.Made without:Parabens, sulphates, mineral oils and phthalates.Pair it with:Sol De Janeiro Brazilian NudeMECCA MAX ALL DAY EVERY DAY Oil-Free MoisturiserGo-To Face Hero;taxable;1;0;0;1;$40.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Isle-Of-Paradise-TANNING-DROPS-DARK-30ML.jpg;0
171;simple;Drunk Elephant;1;1;visible;Drunk Elephant calls on a dream-team blend of glycolic, tartaric, lactic, and citric alpha hydroxy acids for their T.L.C. Glycolic Body Lotion. The formula gently smooths and refines rough, bumpy skin while improving areas of uneven tone. A mix of antioxidant-loaded non-fragrant plant oils and butters—think green tea seed, passionfruit, apricot, marula, and shea—soothes and goes deep to moisturise dry, irritable skin, while squalane, vitamin F, sodium hyaluronate, and niacinamide work to create a stronger, healthier acid mantle. Powerful electrolytes (coconut fruit juice and sodium PCA) provide critical hydration and help defend against environmental stressors.    Key ingredients:T.L.C. Framboos™ AHA blend: glycolic plus tartaric (T), lactic (L), and citric (C) acids exfoliate built-up dead skin cells, resurfacing dull, uneven skin for a smoother, brighter, more even-looking complexion.Marula butter: a super-pure concentrated butter derived from marula oil, and rich in antioxidant polyphenols, lipids, and fatty acids, that deeply moisturises skin and provides powerful barrier protection. Shea butter: a concentrated butter derived from the shea fruit. Shea butter has a complex triglyceride composition that is responsible for its characteristic rich, emollient properties andskin-barrier protection. Green tea seed oil: this moisturising, fatty-acid-rich oil derived from the seeds of the green tea plant contains powerful antioxidant xanthines (like caffeine) and polyphenols (such as epigallocatechin gallate, epigallocatechin, and epicatechins), which play a critical role in defending skin against environmental—particularly UV-generated—free radical damage. Made without:Silicones, essential oils, fragrance, dyes, sulphates, phthalates, animal products and testing. Pair it with:Drunk Elephant Sili™ Body LotionDrunk Elephant Lippe Balm™Drunk Elephant Kamili™ Cream Body Cleanser;taxable;1;0;0;1;$36.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Drunk-Elephant-T.L.C.-Glycolic-Body-Lotion.jpg;0
149;simple;Bangn Body;1;1;visible;This multi-purpose Firming Lotion is designed to be used on both the face and body. It’s lightweight, creamy and fast absorbing. Antioxidants and essential vitamins work together to improve the overall appearance of skin, increasing circulation, blood flow and collagen production that helps to reduce the appearance of cellulite, stretch marks and scarring.Key ingredients:Aloe vera leaf oil: soothes irritation and redness while fighting bacteria.Avocado oil: soothes irritation and moisturises dry, damaged skin.Green coffee bean extract: increases circulation and collagen production to firm skin and fade textural imperfections.Jojoba seed oil: deeply moisturises and infuses skin with vitamins.Pineapple fruit extracts: soothes inflammation and gently exfoliates for glowing skin.Sunflower oil: helps the skin retain moisture for lasting hydration and repairs skin damage.Virgin coconut oil: deeply moisturises without clogging pores.Made without:Animal products, sulphates and parabens.Pair it with:Bangn Body Smooth Skin ScrubBangn Body Lip & Eye Beauty BalmBangn Body Illuminating Firming Lotion;taxable;1;0;0;1;$48.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Bangn-Body-Firming-Lotion.jpg;0
155;simple;Soap & Glory;1;1;visible;A refreshing sweet and citrus body scrub to awaken skin. Lime extracts awaken the nose whilst brown sugar help hydrate and exfoliate skin. Key ingredients:Smashed brown sugar macadamia grains: deeply exfoliate and polishes skin. Made without:Alcohol free Pair it with:Sugar Crush Body WashMECCA MAX SPOT DOTS Blemish Busting PatchesMecca Cosmetica Lip De Luscious Lip Glide ;taxable;1;0;0;1;$16.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Soap-Glory-Sugar-Crush-Body-Scrub.jpg;0
163;simple;Mario Badescu;1;1;visible;The ideal vegan body wash for all skin types, whether you have dull, dry skin or oily, troubled skin. Designed to leave skin feeling thoroughly clean and refreshed, this botanical body soap is formulated with an invigorating blend of fruit enzymes, ginseng and linden to revitalise skin with every shower. Key ingredients:Grapefruit extract: rich in antioxidants to transform dull, dehydrated skin.Ginseng: boosts circulation and synthesis of collagen.Linden: locks moisture into skin and delivers firming and tightening effects.Made without: Animal products and parabens. Pair it with:Kiehl’s Creme de Corps MoisturiserMecca Cosmetica Body Wonder Tinted Body MoisturiserLuna Bronze Radiant Self Tanning Lotion;taxable;1;0;0;1;$11.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Mario-Badescu-AHA-Botanical-Body-Soap.jpg;0
156;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;Meet Frank Body's In Shower Moisturiser, it's a practical way of nourishing your body when you shower. Designed to be used on wet skin, this moisturiser absorbs easily and without any sticky residue providing instant hydration. Key ingredients:Shea butter: contains lots of fatty acids and vitamins that aid in softening and moisturising the skin.Green tea extract: a rich source of antioxidants that can help reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles. Vitamin E: leaves the skin silky and hydrated.Made without:Parabens and sulphates.Pair it with:Frank Body A Clean Body Wash UnscentedFrank Body Clean Deodorant UnscentedFrank Body Original Coffee Scrub;taxable;1;0;0;1;$14.95;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-In-Shower-Moisturiser.jpg;0
151;simple;Soap & Glory;1;1;visible;To transforms your scaly legs from reptilian to radiant. Nothing eliminates dry surface flakes as fast as Flake Away. For superhero-strength skin smoothing spa body polish with Shea Butter, sweet almond oil, apricot seed powder, sea salt and sugar. One round in the shower with this scrub and no-one will ever have to know that all this time you’ve been flaking it.Key ingredients:Sugar extract: On the skin, it binds to water to deeply hydrate rough skin. Grape seed oil: rich in fatty oils, grape seed oil helps to nourish and hydrate skin. Made without:Alcohol and parabensPair it with:Soap And Glory The Scrub Of Your Life - Smoothing Body BufferSol De Janeiro Brazilian Bod Buff Scrub MECCA MAX CLEAN SWEEP Gentle Exfoliating & Brightening Toner;taxable;1;0;0;1;$5.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Soap-Glory-Mini-Flake-Away.jpg;0
178;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;A coconut oil infused, natural coffee scrub that prevents and removes dry skin whilst working to fade stretch marks, cellulite and scarring. Nut-free and vegan, this body buff is perfect for those with sensitive skin. After each application skin will feel softer, smoother and more nourished.   Key ingredients:Robusta coffee grinds: stimulates blood flow and promotes collagen production to reduce the appearance of stretch marks and cellulite.Grapeseed oil: fades scars and tightens skin even after use. Coconut oil: a natural anti-bacterial that hydrates and plumps skin.Made without:Animal products, nuts, parabens, PEGs and phthalates. Pair it with:Frank Body Babe Island Coconut Set From the shop floor:“Store your scrub in a cool, dry place to extend its shelf life.” – Julita, zone manager at Mecca Maxima Carousel;taxable;1;0;0;1;$18.95;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-Coconut-Coffee-Scrub-200g.jpg;0
163;simple;Mecca Cosmetica;1;1;visible;Supercharged with a skin-smoothing blend of 8% AHAs and PHA plus Siberian Ginseng, this advanced body wash gently exfoliates built-up layers of dead skin, unclogs pores and targets bumps and breakouts. Nourishing Starfruit and Rosemary Leaf extracts may help to soothe redness and diminish the appearance of irritation and dryness for visibly smoother, softer and glowing skin. Key ingredients:Siberian ginseng: improves blood circulation and optimises skin renewal and clarity for remarkably healthier looking skin and a refined texture. Glycolic acid: the holy grail for exfoliation, effectively removing the outermost layer of dead cells, revealing a brighter, more even skin tone.Starfruit extract: the rich presence of antioxidants along with vitamins B and C aid in hydrating and healing the skin, alleviating the discomforts of dryness and reducing the appearance of redness and irritation which in turn leads to glowing skin. Gluconolactone: a polyhydroxy acid (PHA), that offers all the benefits of AHAs but is far more gentle to the skin and is suitable for sensitive skin. Made without:Cruelty free, Parabens, PEG, sulphate, (SLS/SLES), GMO's, mineral oil, petrolatum, synthetic colours, phthalates, BHA, BHT, triclosan, silicone D4, D5, D6, gluten, alcohol and talc.Pair it with:Mecca Cosmetica Mecca Athletica Ultra-Firming Body LotionMecca Cosmetica Mecca Athletica Aluminium-Free DeodorantTo ensure your beauty empties don’t end up in landfill, MECCA has partnered with TerraCycle, the global leaders in recycling the unrecyclable. Rather than throwing away your already-loved Mecca Cosmetica bottles, pots and tubes, TerraCycle’s recycling program lets us send back your beauty waste, ready to be sorted, processed, and transformed into something new (and just as beautiful). Next time you have squeezed as much as you can out of your favourite Mecca Cosmetica product, give your local MECCA store a visit and pop your clean empties into a labelled bin, or pass them on to a team member at the registers—they’ll take care of the rest. For a full list of what can and can’t be recycled read here.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$38.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Mecca-Cosmetica-MECCA-ATH-AHA-BODY-WASH.jpg;0
149;simple;Sol de Janeiro;1;1;visible;Shower time will be a treat thanks to this addictive gel cream cleanser infused with Sol De Janeiro's signature scent of pistachio and salted caramel. This ultra luxe cleanser washes away impurities and leaves your skin looking and feeling touchably soft.Key ingredients:Cupuaçu butter: filled with essential fatty acids, that lock in moisture and restore skin's elasticity.  Coconut oil: ultra nourishing and healing, this skin loving oil melts into skin to soften, nourish and moisturise. Acai oil: an antioxidant rich superfood that keeps skin healthy, vibrant and youthful.  Made without:Gluten, sulphates, parabens, mineral oil and phthalates.Pair it with:Sol De Janeiro Brazilian Bum Bum CreamSol De Janeiro Samba Foot Fetish CareSol De Janeiro Brazilian Bod Buff Smoothing Scrub 'N Mask;taxable;1;0;0;1;$36.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Sol-de-Janeiro-BRAZILLIAN-4PLAY-SHOWER-GEL-NEW.jpg;0
167;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;"This body scrub and bath soak has been designed to help you relax and unwind before you get that beauty sleep. Epsom salts, lavender and chamomile work to gently exfoliate the skin while also helping the body to relax.Wrap this product up and gift it along with others. Here are our self-care gift pack ideas.Key ingredients:Epsom salts: gently exfoliates and smooths dry, tired skin.  Magnesium: helps to relax you, soothes muscles, decreases inflammation and helps to calm the mind.  Lavender oil: helps to balance, energise and relieve stress. Made without:Parabens.Pair it with:Frank Body Anti Drama Face MaskMECCA MAX FOAM-O Gentle Gel CleanserThis Works Deep Pillow SprayDirect from the brand: ""#letsbefrank, beauty sleep is the best beauty hack. The magnesium and epsom salts in the product soothe tired muscles and the lavender oil makes for an unwinding tub experience."" - Jess Hatzis, Co-Founder";taxable;1;0;0;1;$18.95;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-IN-YOUR-DREAMS-SCRUB.jpg;0
176;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;A hydrating, mess-free glide on body oil that provides instant hydration perfect for on-the-go. Enriched with avocado and rosehip oils to nourish and soothe, plus shea and cocoa butters that deliver lasting hydration. Key ingredients:Avocado oil: helps skin maintain moisture.Rosehip oil: tackles marks and scars.Guarana: like an energy bar for your skin.Davidson plum: high in antioxidants to help reduce environmental stressors.Shea & cocoa butter: deeply nourishing and hydrating.Made without:Gluten, parabens and sulphates.Pair it with:Frank Body Coconut Coffee ScrubFrank Body Booty Drops Firming Body Oil;taxable;1;0;0;1;$16.95;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-Glide-N-Go-Body-Oil-Stick.jpg;0
149;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;Clean and soften skin with this fragrant body wash, formulated with natural ingredients and safe synthetics that remove sweat and cleanse skin without foaming or stripping. The blend includes antioxidant-rich Kakadu plum, pomegranate and energising coffee seed extract to ensure skin is hydrated, nourished and fresh. Key ingredients:Kakadu plum: softens and soothes skinPomegranate extract: cleans and clears skinCoffee seed extract: energises skinMade without:Parabens, sulphates, alcohol, animal products and testing.Pair it with:Frank Body Clean Deodorant Good DecisionsFrank Body Perky Sculpting Body HydratorMECCA MAX FOAM-O Gentle Gel Cleanser  ;taxable;1;0;0;1;$12.95;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-Everyday-Body-Wash-Sunday-Brunch.jpg;0
156;simple;Sol de Janeiro;1;1;visible;Buff away dead skin cells to reveal fresh, radiant skin all over your body with the latest addition to the cult-followed Bum Bum range. Free from harmful microbeads, the scrub exfoliates with sugar crystals to improve circulation and increase firmness, reducing the appearance of wrinkles and cellulite. This is bolstered by energizing guarana that boosts blood flow and cupuaçu seeds that hydrate and keep the skin bouncy for your healthiest, youngest looking skin yet. Plus, it smells like salted caramel, vanilla and pistachio – a sensory treat.Key ingredients:Cupuaçu seeds: deeply moisturises the skin and improves its elasticity.Guaraná: improves circulation to firm up the skin and fade wrinkles.Sugar crystals: exfoliates dead skin cells to reveal fresh, glowing skin while improving circulation.Made without:Animal products, gluten, sulfates and parabens.Pair it with:Sol de Janeiro Brazilian Bum Bum CreamSol de Janeiro Brazilian 4 Play Moisturizing Shower Cream-GelSol de Janeiro Copacabana Bronze Glow Oil;taxable;1;0;0;1;$60.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Sol-de-Janeiro-BUM-BUM-BODY-SCRUB.jpg;0
179;simple;Soap & Glory;1;1;visible;An award winning deeply hydrating body moisturiser to instantly relieve dryness. Paired with shea butter and hydrating aloe vera, skin has never been so soft.  Key ingredients:Aloe vera: Aloe vera possesses water-binding, antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and anti-bacterial properties. A succulent plant, it draws oxygen to the skin, locking in moisture and encouraging wound healing. Shea butter: shea butter is a rich source of vitamins A, D and E, as well as a host of antioxidants. A naturally rich emollient, this butter helps skin retain its moisture, keeping it hydrated and nourished.Made without:Alcohol Free.Pair it with:Mecca Cosmetica Nourishing Cleansing OilSoap and Glory The Breakfast ScrubMECCA MAX ALL DAY EVERY DAY Oil-Free Moisturiser;taxable;1;0;0;1;$5.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Soap-Glory-The-Righteous-Butter-Body-Butter.jpg;0
151;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;"Firm and smooth limbs, body and booty with this caffeine-fuelled body oil. With continued use skin appears more toned, smoothed and heavenly hydrated.Key Ingredients:Caffeine: firms skin and encourages collagen production, helping to create a more toned-looking skin.Grapeseed oil: hydrates for supple skin, reducing the appearance of lumps, bumps and marks on the surface of the skin.Made without:Animal products, parabens, synthetic ingredients and PEGs.Pair it with:Frank Body Original Coffee ScrubFrank Body In Your Dreams Sleep Scrub and SoakMECCA MAX FOAM-O Gentle Gel Cleanser";taxable;1;0;0;1;$17.95;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-BOOTY-DROPS-30ML.jpg;0
156;simple;Soap & Glory;1;1;visible;A non-greasy hand cream formulated with hydrating shea butter, macadamia oil and marshmallow. The lightweight formula soothes and smooths dry, chapped hands leaving them soft and hydrated. Key ingredients:Shea butter: deeply hydrates and nourishes the skin.Macadamia oil: hydrates, regenerates and softens the skin. Marshmallow: softens skin. Pair it with:Soap & Glory Heel Genius Foot CreamSoap & Glory Sugar Crush Body ScrubSoap & Glory Smoothie Star Body Buttercream;taxable;1;0;0;1;$5.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Soap-Glory-Hand-Food-mini.jpg;0
164;simple;Soap & Glory;1;1;visible;A creamy shower gel scented with zesty mandarin for a truly satisfying shower experience. The formula works into a gentle lather and leaves you feeling cleansed and refreshed after each use. *100 washed per bottle.Made without:Animal products.Pair it with:Soap & Glory Flake Away - Spa Body PolishSoap & Glory The Righteous ButterSoap & Glory The Righteous Butter Lotion;taxable;1;0;0;1;$12.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Soap-Glory-CLEAN-ON-ME-N.jpg;0
167;simple;Soap & Glory;1;1;visible;Scrub, scrub me do: Pull your gloves on, add shower gel and massage in circular movements to stimulate and resurface your skin.Pair it with:Soap and Glory Clean On MeMecca Cosmetica Luxe body butterSoap and Glory The Righteous Butter;taxable;1;0;0;1;$8.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Soap-Glory-Scrub-Gloves.jpg;0
165;simple;Gem;1;1;visible;A high-performing tooth whitening pen formulated with coconut, mint and food-grade hydrogen peroxide to whiten teeth gently and naturally.Pair it with:Gem Crisp Mint Natural ToothpasteGem Crisp Mint, Natural MouthwashGem Gem Coconut Mint Floss ;taxable;1;0;0;1;$19.95;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Gem-Gem-Whitening-Pen.jpg;0
168;simple;Drunk Elephant;1;1;visible;"Drunk Elephant is exclusive to MECCAWith a skin friendly pH of 4.2, this body lotion helps to restore dull, dry and irritable skin to a more healthier and balanced state. Its clever formula contains a blend of nourishing plant oils, butters and an amino acid blend that works to strengthen, soothe and feed the skin the moisture it deserves.  Key ingredients:Marula butter: rich in antioxidant polyphenols, lipids and fatty acids, that deeply moisturizes skin.Coconut oil: a rich source of fatty acids to deeply moisturise the skin.  Sacha inchi seed oil: moisturises and soothes irritated skin.Spondias mombin pulp extract: rich source of antioxidants that fight free radicals and offer anti-inflammatory benefits. 5-ceramide blend: Helps soothe and maintain the moisture balance of skin while protecting against water loss. Squalane: plant-derived (from olives) acts as both a moisturizing agent and natural antioxidant that soothes and prevents water loss from the surface of the skin without a greasy feel.Made without:Sulfates, silicones, essential oils, fragrance, dyes and drying alcohols.Pair it with: Drunk Elephant Kamili™ Cream Body CleanserDrunk Elephant Sweet Pitti Deodorant CreamDrunk Elephant Lala Retro™ Whipped CreamFrom the shop floor:""I really love the soft, silky finish this lotion leaves on your skin! The marula butter absorbs straight into the skin with no residue, and still feels deeply nourishing.” - Jules, in store trainer at MECCA Robina";taxable;1;0;0;1;$28.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Drunk-Elephant-SILI-BODY-LOTION.jpg;0
154;simple;Mecca Cosmetica;1;1;visible;Created to elevate the everyday experience, Mecca Cosmetica’s Nourishing Hand Cream combines high performance with luxurious indulgence. This fast absorbing vegan formulation is enriched with a unique blend of hydrating and healing ingredients including Avocado Oil and Hyaluronic Acid, and delicately scented with sensuous woody notes of clove, juniper berries, tobacco leaves and oud. Hands will be left feeling smoother, softer and perfectly perfumed.Key ingredients: Avocado oil: this multi-tasking antioxidant rich superfood has an abundance of skin benefits such as replenishing moisture, smoothing and nourishing your skin. It also possess bactericidal and soothing propertises that make it suitable for those prone to sensitivity.  Hyaluronic acid: retains up to 1000 times it's own weight in water. Naturally occuring in the body, Hyaluronic Acid will work to mositurise skin, reduce inflammation, prevent water loss and boost skin's elasticity. Made without:Animal products, parabens, pegs, sulfates (sls/ sles), gmos, mineral oil, synthetic colours, phthalates, bha and bht, triclosan, silicone d4, d5 and d6, gluten, alcohol and talc.Pair it with:Mecca Cosmetica Nourishing Hand WashMecca Cosmetica Luxe Body ButterMecca Cosmetica Elixir Body Oil Mecca-ssentials Rinse-Free Hand Cleansing GelTo ensure your beauty empties don’t end up in landfill, MECCA has partnered with TerraCycle, the global leaders in recycling the unrecyclable. Rather than throwing away your already-loved Mecca Cosmetica bottles, pots and tubes, TerraCycle’s recycling program lets us send back your beauty waste, ready to be sorted, processed, and transformed into something new (and just as beautiful). Next time you have squeezed as much as you can out of your favourite Mecca Cosmetica product, give your local MECCA store a visit and pop your clean empties into a labelled bin, or pass them on to a team member at the registers—they’ll take care of the rest. For a full list of what can and can’t be recycled read here.;taxable;1;0;0;1;$40.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Mecca-Cosmetica-Nourishing-Hand-Cream-400ml.jpg;0
160;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;Test drive Frank Body’s iconic coffee scrub flavours for silky, smooth skin after every wash. The Scrub Squad Kit includes the Original Coffee Scrub, Coconut Coffee Scrub, Peppermint Coffee Scrub, and Cacao Coffee Scrub, each designed to exfoliate and wake up skin while adding a delicious note to your shower routine. The hardest part? Deciding which scrub to open first. Kit includes:Original Coffee Scrub 100gCoconut Coffee Scrub 100g Peppermint Coffee Scrub 100g Cacao Coffee Scrub 100g Made without:Parabens, sulphates, alcohol, gluten, animal products and testing. Pair it with:Frank Body Perky Sculpting Body HydratorFrank Body Booty Drops Firming Body OilFrank Body Original Coffee Scrub;taxable;1;0;0;1;$39.95;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-Scrub-Squad-Kit.jpg;0
159;simple;GOOP;1;1;visible;For intensive exfoliation that leaves skin feeling baby-smooth and invigorated, reach for this dry body brush right before you shower. Dry brushing is an essential and energising skin-detox step that encourages circulation and will wake you up. Made from pure, natural sisal, this brush exfoliates lightly and sweeps away dead skin to reveal a glowing and soft body.Looking for Goop in store? Find out which stores stock Goop here.Made without:Parabens, petroleum, phthalates, SLS, SLES, PEGs, TEA, DEA, silicones, artificial dyes, fragrances or animal testing.Pair it with:GOOP G.TOX 5 Salt Body ScrubGOOP GOOPGENES All-In-One Nourishing Face CreamGOOP GOOPGLOW Body Luminizer ;taxable;1;0;0;1;$28.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/GOOP-G.Tox-Ultimate-Dry-Brush.jpg;0
151;simple;Soap & Glory;1;1;visible;A vegan and gentle nourishing body wash that not only leaves your skin refreshed and cleansed, it leaves you delicately fragranced with notes of tropical fruits and hibiscus. Made without:Animal products. Pair it with:Soap & Glory Call of Fruity Summer Scrubbin' Cooling Body ScrubSoap & Glory Call of Fruity No Woman No Dry Hydrating Body Butter;taxable;1;0;0;1;$13.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Soap-Glory-CALL-OF-FRUITY-BODY-WASH-N.jpg;0
150;simple;Frank Body;1;1;visible;"A creamy, whipped take on the classic Original Coffee Scrub; formulated for no-mess body scrubbing. Buffs away dry, dulling dead skin cells without covering the shower in gritty coffee bits. Use on dry skin for an ultra-intense scrub or on wet skin for a slightly more mild exfoliation.Key ingredients:Coffee: exfoliates and invigoratesGrapeseed oil: brightens, smoothes and nourishesWhite clay: cleanses, exfoliates and detoxifies Made without:Parabens, phthalatesPair it with:Frank Body Caffeinated Scalp ScrubFrank Body In Your Dreams Sleep Scrub and SoakFrank Body Lip Tint";taxable;1;0;0;1;$19.95;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Frank-Body-Express-O-Scrub.jpg;0
173;simple;Luna Bronze;1;1;visible;A natural and organic tanning moisturiser designed for everyday use. Containing a blend of ultra-nourishing and hydrating oils to replenish your skin whilst building a natural, even tan.Key ingredients:Vitamins A, B & E: fight signs of ageing and improve the skin's tone and texture.Coconut, rose hip and jojoba oil: provide deep hydration. Caffeine: stimulates circulation, boosts energy and smooths skin. Made without:Animal productsPair it with:Luna Bronze Total Eclipse - Express Tanning MousseLuna Bronze Illume Tanning MistDirect from the brand: It doesn’t smell like fake tan! Think more of a day spa experience thanks to our unique natural essential oil blend of lemon myrtle, orange blossom and mandarin. - Madeleine Balderson and Rhiannon Hall, Founders;taxable;1;0;0;1;$28.95;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Luna-Bronze-GLOW-GRADUAL-TANNING-LOTION.jpg;0
172;simple;Kosas;1;1;visible;"A deodorant powered by skincare ingredients; this revolutionary formula uses AHAs to create a pH environment unliveable for the types of bacteria that cause odour, keeping your underarms fresh all day. Available in both Serene Clean (gently scented) and a Fragrance Free formula. The gentle exfoliating properties from shikmic, mandelic and lactic acids fade the discolouration that occurs in the underarms, leaving them brighter and firmer. Plus, the formula is bound by hyaluronic acid to ensure that your skin is hydrated and plumped when applying.Clinical results:In a consumer study with 33 subjects after 1 use of Chemistry:- 97% of consumers said the product made them feel fresh- 94% of consumers said their body odor was neutralized- 92% of consumers said the product lasted through workoutsKey ingredients:Shikmic acid: derived from star anise to fight odour.Mandelic acid: accelerates cell turnover to fade discolouration.Lactic acid: gently exfoliates and clarifies to reveal brighter, younger looking skin while also sealing in moisture.Pure aloe vera juice: soothes irritation and redness while hydrating and fighting bacteria.Hyaluronic acid: holds almost 1000 times its own weight in water, instantly plumping the skin with moisture.Aloe vera juice: a powerful moisturizer to soothe and calm skin.Made without:Serene CleanAnimal products, alcohol, gluten, mineral oil, aluminium, baking soda, parabens, and sulfates.Fragrance FreeAnimal products, fragrance, alcohol, gluten, mineral oil, aluminium, baking soda, parabens, and sulfates.Pair it with:Kosas Kosasport LipFuel Hyaluronic Lip BalmMecca Cosmetica To Save Body SPF50 SuperscreenDrunk Elephant Kamili™ Cream Body Cleanser";taxable;1;0;0;1;$21.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Kosas-CHEMISTRY-CLEAN-SCENT-DEODERAN.jpg;0
152;simple;Glow Recipe;1;1;visible;Lather your skin in this nourishing body cream inspired by the same ingredients used in Glow Recipes face treatments. Infused with AHAs, vitamin-rich watermelon seed butter, hyaluronic acid and antioxidants that leave your skin smooth, nourished and soft, plus it leaves your body deliciously watermelon scented. Key ingredients:Watermelon seed butter: a moisturizing, nutrient-rich butter that creates lightweight, creamy texture.Hibiscus AHA: natural alternative to chemical exfoliant that gently yet effectively smooths skin.Hyaluronic acid: this multi-weight holy grail hydrator instantly quenches thirsty skin. Made without:Animal products, parabens, mineral oil, sulphates, silicones, phthalates, drying alcohols and synthetic dyes.Pair it with:Glow Recipe Watermelon Glow Sleeping MaskGlow Recipe Watermelon Glow PHA+BHA Pore-Tight TonerGlow Recipe Watermelon Dew Drops;taxable;1;0;0;1;$40.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Glow-Recipe-Watermelon-Glow-Pink-Dream-Body-Cream.jpg;0
170;simple;Bangn Body;1;1;visible;The face and body lotion with a cult Instagram following now has an added boost of illumination. This multi-purpose Firming Lotion has been designed for use on both the face and body. It’s lightweight, creamy yet fast absorbing and will leave skin feeling hydrated and nourished. Formulated with essential vitamins, antioxidants and anti-inflammatory properties that work together to help reduce the appearance of cellulite, stretch marks and scarring.Key ingredients:Aloe vera leaf oil: soothes irritation and redness while fighting bacteria.Avocado oil: soothes irritation and moisturises dry, damaged skin.Green coffee bean extract: increases circulation and collagen production to firm skin and fade textural imperfections.Jojoba seed oil: deeply moisturises and infuses skin with vitamins.Pineapple fruit extracts: soothes inflammation and gently exfoliates for glowing skin.Sunflower oil: helps the skin retain moisture for lasting hydration and repairs skin damage.Virgin coconut oil: deeply moisturises without clogging pores.Made without:Animal products, sulfates and parabens.Pair it with:Bangn Body Smooth Skin ScrubBangn Body Lip & Eye Beauty Balm;taxable;1;0;0;1;$56.00;body;body;http://localhost:8888/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Bangn-Body-Illuminating-Firming-Lotion.jpg;0
